Very good family, how are you?
Very good evening, we are delighted now
Here in the weekly bombshell What is the
weekly bombshell the weekly bombshell is a
program is a special section that is
broadcast here every Friday at 10:30
on tele salseo every Friday at
10:30 in 3 sauce so that the
Entertainment is worth it in this section
As you already know, we will review all the
news of the week that if you are
subscribed with the bell and you don't
miss any of our live shows
more viewed, it's worth it, they've already come out there
the statistics and well thank you no
I have words to thank you for your support
What do you give to this and all the channels?
you will not have missed any of the
news and we have also had Well
Note that although we are at the beginning
August and we just finished July
that I understand is like the most Ecuador
Well it's supposed to be or
Normally Some years it is usually the
a quieter time of gossip, whatever
but nevertheless I believe that we have
had a busy week and more
powerful in telesalseo is worth a lot
exclusive many bombs has been the
week in which we have reached the
third to the third plate or my
third plate on YouTube The 100,000
between Salcedo the third plate that I
I think that already during next week
It will arrive and I will open it with you okay
many very important exclusives
we are talking about a week that
has not gone unnoticed and no
just because we have reached the
100,000 mi Third channel that leads to the
100,000 but also because they have given
bombs here completely crazy okay
We were the first channel where
find out that Rocío Carrasco and Rocío
flowers saw each other's faces, okay without
attitude is worth without attitude With all the
respect but on Sunday at 9:30 in a
special live that we were doing
with Trio or with Alasne, otherwise
You see, I recommend you see it on the subject.
Marta del Castillo has nothing to do with starting
the live at 9:30 9:40 I had to
change the title and I had to change the
miniature and gave you a preview that
Then Mari would tell you in more detail.
but anyway, you found out here
of that trial in which Rocío Carrasco
He turned his face away and did not look at his children.
wanted not wanted to greet them Okay and no
not only that but in the same
week we have had what is the
Mike Tabasco's exclusive sentence no
conviction of Rocío Carrasco
in the same week in the same week
So today the weekly bombshell is going to be
you are going to be very powerful but very powerful
to have entertainment here for what
at least a couple of hours is worth it
week after all the pain that we
They have come up with vicarious violence
all the invented terms Irene
Montero in Sálvame Well it turns out that
Rocío Carrasco is the one who has been
sentenced because she does not pay the pension
his son due to family abandonment there already
You can take as many turns as you want and
dye it in the color you want and put it
all the pink and purple hearts that
you want it's fine but seven judges
They investigated the case of Antonio David Y.
They decided that they were not even going to
Vale trial and Rocío Carrasco sentenced
condemned that by the way I have now seen
on Twitter that Mike every other exclusive
which has been the resource that has been used
You can't appeal whatever you want
turn it off, don't turn it off now
It is but what are you going to resort to if it is that
This is as Michael already explained in his
straight this Jack Knight King you have paid
You haven't paid, so pay anyway, family.
make yourselves comfortable and enjoy the gossip
I'll be passing by the chat to be
commenting and spending time with you is worth it
but I am interested in you being active.
I am interested in you sharing the video and I
I am interested in your opinion on all of them
topics without further delay Let's get down to business
we'll see you back to the mess
[Music]
The other day we were discussing something
about this but I would like to read more from you
headlines And Paula Vázquez has not
had been too quick to attack
without Mercy against Mediaset and send him a
A note to Paolo Basile, I don't know the
I don't know what problem they had.
why Paolo Basile decided to veto it in the
chain and close the doors on it
Telecinco cutting off Peking Express and fame
to dance olé It turns out that for some reason
reason the presenter did not get along
well with the one who was the director
executive Paolo Basile and has had the
closed doors of mediaset during
many years until they have changed
managers and have tried to rescue her from
new to the chain so far without
success Because she has not called the
Attention Paolo Basile closed my eyes
Telecinco doors are Basile the one who
remove from Peking Express and from fame then
Hey, he's retired and life goes on.
They have said that now the door of
Telecinco is open, I do not defend
never chains but formats then the
editorial lines of each chain is
their responsibility so I
I wish you good luck and how good that
have that change I wish they had
had before if I'm honest with you, I don't
I'm watching, I make programs
innovators that have not been seen before
we have deteriorated entertainment
They taught all the filth of I love you
I show where the railway tracks pass
camera I'll show you where it is
focus and at the same time I put the camera in a
toilet has gotten so out of hand
that we return to the part where the
things were well coordinated
guest has to sit wherever he is
more favored with light and not where it
terrible dark circles appear because
presenter finds it funny that the other
go wrong That's it, we've already left it behind
that moment where ugly was a novelty
We know how to do things well and we can
make it pretty and elegant so that the
people believe in the magic again
entertainment turn off the TV 15 years ago
years for Mental Health what I saw
It hurt, it was like watching TV with a lack of
of spelling what was done could be done
do anyone I believe in him
real entertainment in which
made it seem like magic existed
where prepared things are
They improvised and prepared the
improvisation of the end of save me if in
In some cases it hurts me. It's because of the team.
Telecinco technician, these are the
Paula's most notable statements
Vázquez against Telecinco and I think that
I wasn't a fan of Sálvame, I don't know, tell me.
What do you think about these statements?
There are many people who have been surprised and
has revolutionized Twitter quite a bit that
Now it's not called Twitter, by the way.
You know that it is called x hence the name San
very surprised because Joaquín Prat has
stated that when he leaves
vacation does not charge to see the regime
Self-employment is something completely different
to that of people who work with a contract
when you sign a contract for each x
hours correspond to you other hours of
rest for every x day for every year you
a vacation is due
completely different me sincerely
If I have to tell you the truth, no
I understand why the self-employed do not have
Paid vacations do not have unemployment benefits
that kind of thing but quite the opposite
which
big rip-off damn it's what we pay
taxes in fact some of us pay a lot
The logical thing would be for you to have something left
when you lose your job or when you don't
you can work and hey a vacation
everyone deserves them but oh well
we live in a country Joaquín prat ha
confessed that when he leaves
vacation because he does not charge for those days
doesn't work, doesn't get paid, let's talk about
the self-employed
we're talking about vacation again
paid, for example, I am going to
vacation and they are not vacation
paid and I leave and no And like you many
Hey
benefit of Spain
and in their own tranquility but this is
the reality of many people Also in
These moments up Spain, damn it
forgive me forgive me I have come
Up with the collaborators of Sálvame who
would be visiting right now
some programs from the heart of Mexico
have had the opportunity to explain to him
to his compatriots as they lived the end
from the program that gave them life What
are doing around here Well
We are looking for a job here because as
They have thrown us out, they have closed us down
program with audiences
The chain has not lacked the jibe at the
executives of the Belén Esteban chain have
been in another program in Mexico
gossiping, well, the program as well
It is called daily gossip about
Shakira and her relationship with Piqué Belén
Esteban has seized the opportunity
to decide against Piqué with
the one who took a photo recently
at the ibai evening and making a
plea in favor of Shakira for the treatment
received clear
the relationship of Waka Waka when Spain
won the world championship in which he left all his
life for him is called Shakira and for me
That is a very important proof of love
the horns of the way
in Barcelona
and played in Barcelona
the one that has set social networks on fire
Specifically, Instagram has been your friend.
Anabel Pantoja, how good it hasn't been
cut when showing great body in
the beaches this time without the
Belén Esteban's company taking advantage
good weather and high temperatures
Typical of the month of July Anabel Pantoja
has enjoyed a refreshing dip
at sea and in passing has surprised its
followers with a new topless
summer before getting into the water
Anabel Pantoja has proceeded to apply
Sunscreen to take care of your skin Little
then the Telecinco collaborator
shared a short video on his
stories in which he appears doing a
topless while diving
crystalline waters throwing themselves into the sea to
cool off from the heat
Tell me what you think in the comments
how much fun Anabel is having
And another one that has also come up
with this heat and he wanted to show off
Rosa Benito has been a great guy and has published
a topless photograph and there hasn't been
been very well received because the truth is
that there are many people putting it on
negative comments I don't think it is
This is necessary, you already have a few years to
doing these silly things just to call
The attention is very sad, the poor thing is no longer there
knows what to do to get attention
Some of the comments are ridiculous
that people are putting on it and I say
let everyone do what they want
What do you think about your part?
News that will delight you Olga Moreno
has published something quite romantic and
quite beautiful that I'm going to share with you
but changing the music a little
because he has copyright to his vacation
With Agustín I sincerely believe
These people are the ones who are best off now
himself enjoying his love and
enjoying your summer
it's time to jump
I had to explode
direct without stopping I think we are already in
I think we're live now
dancing dogs and more subscribe to the
Vale Channel now yes Now yes higher no
you will regret it we have to between the
people a little bit the gallery
blow
direct without stopping I think we are already in
I think we're live now
dancing dogs and more subscribe to the
Vale Channel now yes Now yes higher no
you will regret it we have to between the
people a little bit the gallery
[Music]
direct without stopping I think we are already in
I think we're live now
dancing dogs and more subscribe to the
Vale Channel now yes Now yes higher no
you will regret it we have to between the
people a little bit the gallery you will be the
visit of the King Emeritus to Spain for
vacation has generated quite a stir
As usual there are many people who
you are welcome and there are other people
that seems not so much but but what it is
It has really surprised me in its condition
physicist who apart from the fact that he has been seen
Well, it's much better to walk without
crutches and other things have also been noticed
as more youthful we will call it that way And
It seems that he would have appealed
to get some cosmetic touch-ups
to be healthier he tells us
Pilar Eyre Hello friends, how are you?
I admit that summer is a bit of a time
not frivolous and I would like to
tell you a detail of the visit of the
King Juan Carlos I of the King Emeritus
Spain
who called us last night
attention were my sister and I
looking there are some photographs of Don Juan
Carlos on the arrival of Don Juan Carlos
to the boat on which he went to race, no
during the day and then we saw that it was not
it seemed he frankly had a face
absolutely different fans For one
part of his jaw had been changed
her features had changed
face was much younger
general appearance was already younger
I moved better and I was already going without a cane. We almost
supported his assistant And then I said
Okay, here there is tomato, here there is tomato. No.
Something is happening here, then call my friend.
who usually haggles in the same
place where the king goes and I asked him I say
Hey, have you seen it and he said yes, yes.
we have seen and we have all stayed
amazed at how good it is
appearance that has moves in a way
much lighter but also expensive
is absolutely changed
I wore a lot of sunscreen until the
to the point that his face was almost
Blanca So I couldn't sunbathe and
It has really changed a lot.
the good face The fact is that we said
Well here there is something there is no some some
medical intervention is very safe here
I will be putting some on screens
photographs so you can tell me
in the comments box how you see it
Marta López yesterday told in
the Fresh an unpleasant encounter that
had in a shopping center in his
specific vacation in the parking lot
It seems that there was a man who parked
in an inappropriate manner and when Marta
He reproached him more than anything not because he
mattered but because he couldn't get his
car the man got with an attitude
quite questionable so much so that
some people recorded with their cell phones
Apparently many witnesses and Marta
Lopez has even been on the verge of
report removed here that those of the
You have AIDS on TV, you're going to give me something.
You are a woman and you don't know how to turn back.
you don't know, you son of a [ __ ], the children did
someone something good the parking lot man
who was very kind He told me if you want
keep my ID, the truth is that I was going to
come to report but as I was
holidays that's good I'll do it later
truths with him
But why do you disrespect me?
Please, I'm going with the children and
All I wanted was to leave but I didn't
I left and I was afraid that he would
approach the car and give it to me because
aggressiveness that he had And I didn't
I said nothing, really, it was something that he
the little boy's disappointment
Above all, my mother and I kept crying.
You say that something has happened But
simply
I say you say you received all kinds
of insults that have been and will be in a
record time because we have
put in play gentlemen
calm down calm down don't let the heat
may violence never affect you in the
solution of nothing calm down big brother
VIP already has a date, Telecinco has already
posted the ad and the promo to give
This date, September 14, the house
live life will return to live
to have life after a long time without
have it for quite controversial issues that
you already know
24 hours a day
September 14 premiere on Telecinco
It doesn't happen what I will think and I would love to
know about this return to my great
Brother is a program that always more
He was fascinated and delighted, I explained many things to him
occasions when I worked in the
factory and I had to wake up at 5
4 in the morning or something like that
It was during the afternoon that I put her to sleep
whole to wake up to watch the gala and
then many times I ended up arriving
even late No but it was a program
that I loved So it's true that
then when it happened to Jorge Javier
lost a lot of magic because that's what I was
I think an umbilical cord is attached with
Merced and it was never the same again
Okay, Merced, big brother and like her
I felt Well, I have my doubt that no one
do it Let's give it a chance
Marta flich, I don't know the truth. I mean
I have no idea, I don't want to play
something without seeing it I think that already
program has turned off the consequences
that has had to if they have changed almost
the whole team and at the moment they threw out
This man who has now been convicted
also the program could return
without any kind of reservation because I don't
I would love to hear your opinion on
the topic to see what you think and well the
Last topic I want to comment on, I'm going to tell you
ask for a little bit of seriousness a little bit
not much respect because I am this
I have a lot of respect for this topic, as you know.
that she was a girl who lived very close
We experienced this topic very closely.
okay in the neighborhood and it is the Marta issue
castle every time I see in
trending the topic Marta del Castillo is
They make my hair stand on end because I think
that there is any news about the case that
They finally find her or something like that
style And today it turns out that it has been
Marta the castle trend because
Miguel Carcaño has commented has said has
revealed that he wants to be a father is worth it
This guy seems like that. Well, inside the
prison is leading a normal life
is working at the bakery
jail charging 500 euros buys what
who wants and has a relationship with someone
apparently a relative of another prisoner
They have been in a relationship for about a year and
would be looking for
In fact, it is said that it could already be
pregnant but well it is not yet known
and is asking for certain permits
penitentiary with which he would leave the
jail because I think in 2030 if I don't
I mistake the permission for the moment because no
They have granted it to him because he is not there
collaborating with justice he is
appealing but if they granted it
permission because I would leave in a few
years in prison as a father and with a
pay that we live in a country
I would like to be a father in prison
makes a very big impact at least
For me, he is an individual like that.
being a father but doesn't think he has a
son is going to have a son who will say my
father was a murderer, that doesn't go into my head
I don't understand it, honestly.
reconsider that woman who is going to get married
with a murderer we can't
rebuild our lives while we are not
at least the remains of appear
Marta, let's finish this already.
episode seems very strong to me that
This man is looking to be a father, no
only because of what Grandpa said
which is also not that it is Creepy but
but that this man can be a father
while Marta's parents are not yet
They have found their little girl. Okay, I think so.
incredible today I think that today I do believe that
Today I'm going to broadcast again here on
telesalseo the special program that
we did Marta del Castillo we did not
We shut up, I want them to be a trend again
I love you all with the hashtag okay
Justice for Marta tonight at
10:30 I'll put it okay Yes I think so
Tonight I'll put it here on telesalseo
Last night Marina Hernal brought us a
exclusive that I think is the exclusive
the fattest that has ever been on salsa TV
in a long time and look what we have given
news look what we have given to Primicia Y
Look at the nice interviews we've done.
But this is incredible because it is
What most catches my attention is
This exclusive Apart from the content
Yes of course we are at the
Monday right now and this news is not
had in fact been leaked to the press
before going live I asked
Marina to confirm that it was
confirmed and that confirmed it and that
He claimed that it was true. It seems that
Last Thursday the trial of
Rocío Carrasco for non-payment of pensions
which was suspended a few days ago
week you will remember because it seems that
Thursday took place at 9 o'clock
morning and that Rocío Carrasco saw the
faces with their children there apparently
they coincided I don't know if it was within the
elevator or something like that
Her children's reaction was to greet her Hello
Mom and Mom turned her face no no
greeted him, it is said that Rocío Carrasco
In the statement he was getting fed up with
cry I don't know what I would want to achieve with
That or if he suddenly felt something
but the truth is that this weekend
has been back again having a great time
that now we will see that he was not faithful
Javier Vasallo has been effective, which is
the lawyer as far as I can tell and
knowing has not been present
Not now well Now well it is a judgment
which more or less starts around 9 o'clock
the morning has been hours and hours and
hours in, that is to say, it has been a trial
long view and clear is complicated because
If I remember correctly the last time
They saw the faces of Rocío Flores with the
child and his mother Uff I'm very sure
but it takes a long time 2016 Yes but
I don't know
Ok, well, they have met before.
of entering the strong room there are details
that I'm not going to tell obviously there are
details that cannot be told because
No, because it doesn't make me feel sorry about everything.
with the child theme You know okay But what
What we can say is that both Rocío
like her brother When they see her they say Hello
mom and her that's what I know
transmits ok And she turns her face and doesn't
and well regarding the sentence I
I understand that I could very surely
a miracle happens and suddenly the
today is the 31st and we know it
tomorrow or the day after but to what extent
understood the courts apart from being
crowded in Madrid saw in August
I don't know if every day but I think that in
its entirety yes Therefore the most
It is likely that it will not be until September
let's know the result of this trial
in another order of things Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel that has been very news
commented this weekend have
enjoyed the King lead or the league
of extra football that Piqué has with Ibai
and other YouTube content creators
tweets and more with Alba Carrillo
Kiko Jiménez Sofia Swedish and the teacher
Joao
[Applause]
[Music]
much talked about habilitation throughout
the weekend especially because of the
Rocío Carrasco's hypocrisy of smearing herself
with those people no longer with Alba Carrillo
that we understand that your colleague the teacher
Joan It's not that the teacher is your friend
I am now approaching this
people because they don't know how to stay in
the candlestick and is approaching where
may in fact it gives me the slightest
suspects that the master Joao who is
participating in the Kill Lee is
collaborating with the King Lis in some
occasions making programs of
evidence I think is somehow
being some collaboration I don't know if
paid worth I don't think I don't know if it
We will be able to know, we will try to investigate it
but the thing is that Kiko Jiménez is good
is making Gloria suffer a lot
Camila and Kiko Jiménez would have done something
similar to what she claims to have done
Antonio David is no longer alive and is on TV.
at the expense of talking about his ex-relationship and what
what Kiko Jiménez is doing
complete crush Gloria Camila today we
He said that now we will move on to that.
who has been suffering apart from what
has been seen publicly and Rocío
Carrasco supports and is friends with this gentleman.
that is supposed to be like
very much against this being done
according to his documentary and apart from that he doesn't
That's all it is that leaves her still
in a worse place because it is not only that
be with him, this boy has done it
suffer this girl but this girl
It is her sister Gloria Camila apparently
On this occasion for this event the
Alba would have gotten the tickets
Carrillo contacting Ibai directly
And it seems that according to Alba
Carrillo she would have written to Ibai
on occasion to try
collaborate here too right now everything
the world wants to collaborate with the
youtuber with the cheek chokers with Los
streamers and she would have written it according to
count on ibai to be president of one
of the Kim League oletu teams
She is worth almost nothing, she arrives asking for little
Ok, apparently Ibai would have it
got some tickets for
I could enjoy the event Yes but
because he is very newborn no
Good but also the first final in
Camp Nou now
the neighborhood and now like the entrances
It is also cooked
because I wanted to be president
I said please a lot
I will beg him And then I said to him Hey give me
These entries
now available
what I'm going to do is on top of it
neighborhood that we love, well I'm going to
become president of the neighborhood and play it
also
and I have a lot of experience in it
soccer
So right now I have to do
a few stops
There is Alba Carrillo as you have heard
So play some jokes with the physique of
ibai As if he couldn't be tossed
because of how fat the weight is there
Marta Diego would confirm in a
column that has written what has already been written
He spoke on televised gossip a while ago, so I think that
three four direct things like that
Marina enalcontone exclusive that Marta
I risk having a fling in the Islands
Canary Islands By the way I have been able to see photos
of that boy and he has quite the air
Antonio David is worth much more good.
there will be much more young people yes of the
our farm and so on but there it is
It seems a lot like Antonio Vila, the truth is
who is quite similar to Antonio
has the same face cut has the
similar nose, similar face is like
an Antonia but younger and with another
style okay, that is, it is very Antonio type
David physically at least and Marta
risk has confirmed it in this
written podcast that the following Monica
He gave us the key to his house and we got down to it
the heels and the shortest dresses of
the suitcase we went out to dance to the best
Tenerife nightclub, we dance and laugh
a lot and between song and song
I saw someone again who did a lot
years that I hadn't seen I blushed and after
Four months ago I think I felt again
those tickles weren't love yet
I'm ready but It was great during
a few seconds to feel that there was light
end of the breakup they looked at me like
It's been a long time since they did it and
I felt like the most beautiful woman again and
desired by the world did not want the night
end or the music stops
ring because he knew that the ghosts that
They've been chasing me for so long
would visit me again as soon as
dawn they did it but during that
night for a few minutes
They returned the butterflies and so I began
back to living in fear but also
with desire it is worth this is the article that
Marta has written risk if you want
read it all if you want to have a look
Look, well, I recommend it to you.
Okay, Gloria Camila has spoken today.
in his account and has told a story
super super shady and super super crazy
It turns out that since he broke up with his
ex-partner Kiko Jiménez according to Ella
would have been receiving calls
constantly bother her so much now
like his father like Marina La Movida that
In these calls they made them from number
hidden But on some occasions they had
forgotten the hidden number and would have
been able to discover that it was but the
grandfather's mother's brother-in-law or even
be amazing Listen carefully to what
Gloria Camila tells because she doesn't have
no waste
The first time I let it go a little and
She told me a little crazy but later
from today's events, strengthen in addition to
It seems pitiful and pathetic to me.
So, well, I would like to share it.
with all of you since I share everything
Obviously this was not going to happen and also
also as I keep quiet so many times the same
I have accustomed them to the fact that they could do it
do and I will never say it but so
As I said, its time I was going to share it
which I think was necessary and what I
I wanted it because, well then
Obviously you already know that it doesn't cut it for me
the time to say things then, then
This story seems quite interesting to me
interesting to share with everyone
you So I begin
[Music]
So well, nothing normal because there is
people who do it this way add a little bit
the leading role
which gave me exactly the same
I never asked myself or anything is worth it And they have already
4 years have passed, 4 years it's time to
overcoming them is like it has already happened
time and there are more interesting things in
your life I imagine Well then The thing is
that had already been there since Covid
New Year's Eve receiving calls the number
hidden What happens is that in one of those
They forgot to put the hidden number and that's it
It was 2 in the morning, okay. And well, and
It turns out that the number was Mr.
Christian
[Applause]
[Music]
I receive some messages from a number that I
I don't have any saved and then I'm going to tell you
put a screenshot now because of course I
They send this message because many people
Well, in the end I don't know how. In what way.
get my number and many then send
messages or write or Greetings to your father
But well, a bit like what happened
with the lady batizada her real name
Well, in the end it takes a lot of them
I answer, I thank you but
It turns out he sent me some messages
and well
until when some time passes I go to
search like Fran's name And then
saved
and when I get in it's the gentleman's grandfather
It is the love of the Lord that I stayed
freaking out
It's just that as you have seen those messages
Of course I don't know who I am talking to them with.
I answer but it is also a little
as pathetic as the conversation
again on shoulders I already know that it is a
good matador moment with seconds
very pretty but then if we remember
back his grandfather called me to
above
up to the top what you don't know is good
but well the case caught well anyway
The thing is that you are left with the idea that there was already
past time or so please can you
leave alone I mean I haven't talked about
You in life the only thing I said to
your daughter was thanks for the barnacles of
New Year's Eve
[Music]
Sorry, I told you publicly.
Well, well, it's on TV.
many times The fact is that cuca already
He knew that he was being called to the mother of the
Sir
and puts the following to me in the end far from
shut up etc. Well I told him the same thing
that the Lord once told me is
the castle which is true because I
I have always thought that mothers have
been worse than the children, that is, in the end
I keep quiet because my father is very generous
I'm tired of keeping quiet about controversies
and then to provoke and not only them
children but also then Well then
In the end no but what I expected is
This obsession
that even scares me because it's like
What are you doing getting into it first?
These topics second Send me my message
to my WhatsApp
You, madam, the only thing you have is very
little shame has no values ​​has no
respect education So therefore
So now I understand things a lot
but 4 years
that I put on it because what you have seen
I put
After four years he walks here
that you enjoy a phrase that also
and if you think about it, it's good for everything but
doesn't eat dog So therefore
to write to me again I hope that
your session passes and ends and well And to
In the end I will not go into more details because
In the end, everything is analyzed, so nothing
you will enjoy that you can worth it
In the end I never gave my version
kisses So nothing guys This is my
story of obsession After 4 years
not only on television but also
also by private calls by
phone on New Year's Eve the messages of the
brother Cristian pulling my leg later
I don't know very strange things then the grandfather
also the mother now or rather a little
to freak out you know And then I saw
so many atrocities
All I wanted was to share it for
that you truly see the infinite obsession
that these people have to continue and
follow follow And by the way what a shame that
It's over, save me and let your son be with you.
I hadn't been out for a while and they have
vetoed and that we have been able to What a shame
The thing is that whoever is truly happy
does not bother to look at the lives of others
others So
suspicious But well if you haven't
found to be happy that is the
happiness out there
I mean, what a move, what a move the ex
mother-in-law sending her photos of boys
Jiménez with Rocío Carrasco and telling her
take a smaller one and swallow but if the one who
It looks bad in that photo. Well, the one that remains.
Rocío Carrás is doing bad with that photo Gloria
Camila, what's her fault that she's among us?
they meet or rather it is that I know it seems to me
extremely surreal what he has told
Gloria Camila Rosa Benito could be
throwing a sack to Rocío Carrasco with
I couldn't live without this post
my children without my grandchildren my heart
I would bleed from pain life is not for
all the same I can't put the
publication because I don't have a screenshot ok
They have published it in the magazine Semana Y
Rosa Benito has her own account.
in lock because of this thing about the haters
I imagine I don't know what move or to put
his hints quietly but as
You interpret it almost as a joke or something
not one of the most important news
This weekend has been the
confirmation by Patricia Pardo
and Christian Gálvez that they are going to be in
peace here I will be leaving you an image
that has done something on TV with the
chronology of the love story between
both presenters in the summer of 2021
Patricia divorces in November 2021
Christian breaks up with Almudenat in February
In 2022, the socialite made public the
Patricia and Christian's relationship
Open secret on Mediaset March
2022 Cristian and Patricia go out
first time out for a walk and they catch you
cameras July 2022 four get married
months after finalizing the divorce
with Almudenased and a year later July
of 2023 they announce their first baby in
common worth Well then nothing to see before
This is what I wish the couple to be
as happy as possible and that everything goes well
wonderfully as it could not be otherwise
so yes it is true that this announcement
has been somewhat surrounded by controversy
case of Christian Gálvez's ex-wife
when the presenter broke his
marriage with almuden asic Well always
There have been rumors that he behaved
very bad with and other things in life and
coincidences I don't know if coincidence or
which was published three or four years ago
days a podcast on YouTube where they almuden
so he lets some bad things fall
that has happened on some occasions
your life and some people would be
relating to the relationship with
Cristian Gálvez in life we ​​carry with us
what we do and there is no need to point out
not to mention that each one bears the burden of what he does
in life and I know how to navigate in
This life so far and what I have
What I have to worry about is being well and
take care of myself and recover from something that I don't
I expected it to happen to me the way it did
has happened and to accept it and to see it
positive of this circumstance because
because I am rediscovering myself in
many things that I had forgotten
The blow has been very strong and it is not so
dramatic seen from the outside but I know it
that has been for me I have seen my
fragility my vulnerability you have to
work in some fields that are not
you were taking into account that they are
important for your development and for your
way of being and of living
I would love to ask you if you believe
that this is how he learned the news
the time that everyone for this
announcement or that I already knew it before in
concrete I would love to know if when
recorded this podcast that I imagine is
would record a few days before it was
broadcast on YouTube she knew the
news and that is why it has been opened in this way
forms a message in this interview
important when someone is
going through a traumatic process because
Something has come to you unexpectedly
life has changed radically for something
your being feels turned upside down or rather
whole thinking that chemically you are not
although many thoughts you have
are not reasonable that you are simply
thinking, saying and acting in a
uncontrolled way you cannot reason in
that chemically altered state
then there must be a lot of people there
around you that protects you to have
people around you because if not many
people on social media would assume not to
only the fact that Christian
Gálvez would not have contributed well with
Almudena but they put on the table
rumors of infidelities and things like that
style that of course I think will never
Nothing of the sort has been confirmed nor
There is no indication to venture to
to give an opinion on it that has been done
pronounced on his social networks has
been the mother of Almudena Cid with this
indirect indirect very direct in the
who would publish the anatomy of a
emotional manipulator is worth pointing out
aspects such as deceiving with the word
He really seems like a lovely person
has great skills for
lie, they are self-centered, use silence
to manipulate Ignore what is
feeling questions you and your health
mentally do not accept their guilt Search
vulnerable people have a need
sick of controlling everything laughs at
you and judges you okay And she publishes it there
says: Well look, I'll leave it there just in case you
The portal is helpful, something is happening TV has
published a statement by Maria
Verdoy, presenter of the program Fiesta
on Telecinco about the end of Sálvame and
I experienced other quite interesting things
the end of Save Me very intensely
Sálvame is a program that has left a
incredible footprint and that we have all
enjoyed And that even if it is not in
the grill gives the talent
originality and for me great friends
German is all heart behind those
such biting videos there is a heart
wonderful I am showing that I
I really like entertainment Beyond
From the heart Esma told me that she knew that
was going to go far and that reminded him of
her because I am generous in working and
because I'm not trying to step on anyone's toes
proposal comes to me through the chain and through
the producer looking me in the eyes
They said we want you to be this one
message of trust filled my soul
Confidential Digital has published
some news on the subject of the
deluxe operation first of all Well
Well what I have to tell you about
This new notification is that they have
Oscar was released from the charge
Cornejo as Adrian Madrid maximum
those responsible for the television factories
and now is when I act like a pimp and
the arrogant one and I tell you, I told you, okay
I told you what they continue to be accused of
They are the policeman and the paparazzi Gustavo
Gonzalez who I think are going to be the
more affected in this case okay I already
I said it on behalf of the producer and
part of the program, well at most there
There would be civil liability, but
Look, not even that, that is, basically this
final if any famous person wants to get into
demand that no one will do it is worth it
that is, those that are personal
deluxe operation I think most
of those who have appeared at the last
suddenly after closing time
save me many in the last year not
They have acted as if looking for some
negotiation with the chain so that good
These are things that usually happen, not that they
They offer things to remove them
demands not now that is what is going to happen
will most likely happen because what is going to happen
passing is that this criminal process is good
continues with the indictment of the police officer and
with Gustavo's indictment and when
when the time comes, I think that's when
They are going to ask for jail, it will only be
the policeman is worth it, or rather a shame as to
that implies jail for me is the
Police, okay, Gustavo, it's not what it is
point I don't know what it is I don't know what it is
that I had on the computer And such But I
I think the penalty won't be much
reproach I think a lot No I think
that much No I think that is the one who
He has the big brown one, he is the policeman.
crime of revealing a secret which
has to forgive the victims
any accusation is withdrawn
What does this mean because if
Suddenly the policeman asks him please
apologizes and asks them to leave
Okay, so most of the famous people who
They still maintain the accusation, I think.
that when they see an older man,
At those ages I think that I think that
nothing will happen to this man
nor in the end because the own
Victims throw well let's see what I win
Putting me in jail hasn't done anything for me either.
affected so much I don't know maybe the
They maintain and I'm wrong okay
But for now I have already guessed that
Oscar Cornejo and Adrián Madrid for the
both the entire program of the factory of the
Rosita's TV is okay, so here it is.
light operation what is left is to
Gustavo and the police without more there are some
more workers in the factories of the
TV and Sálvame, but I already told you
that they will also be released and
released from this case in case that
his indictment is maintained until the end
is worth little reproach is worth little reproach
I said it at the first moment And it is that
fulfill base so Kiko Rivera has
let me see you again, already recovered
I'm really glad. The truth is I'm glad that
He's recovered. Damn, the kid has it.
the same age as me is my fifth and
[ __ ] has been through a lot of rough patches
health and you have to be healthy simply
Kiko How are you more recovered now?
Kiko is all right Kiko is all right
Thank you, we are recovered, not everything is fine.
thanks for supporting me right now
Your brother Cayetano is better.
Your mom is fine too, right?
don't talk to your mother
the lawyer Teresa Buelle in which
were in Boca of the whole world
After Bertín Osborne's statement
in which he denied Chaver and Navarro
Yesterday afternoon he attended the program
Sonsoles on Telecinco to deny no
not only to Chaveli Navarro but also
to the one who was his current lawyer for what
seen Chabelo would have had in the
over the last few years
lawyers and according to this lawyer with
some of them would not have ended well
According to Teresa Bueye, the well-known
lawyer of the famous she behaved like
professional manner with Chaveli and Chabeli
who would now claim not to remember that
agreement that he signed at a notary's office with Bertín
Osborne but nevertheless he does say
remember that he collected that money from which
we have talked about 30,000 in other videos
euros approximately was with all the
consent that she as a lawyer
exercised and had the powers to act
in the name of Chaveli therefore
Chabeli must also remember that
just a couple of years of that
signed at the notary's office and what Maria wrote
Isabel herself states that she knew
what is signed in the notary's office that she does
It is acknowledged by Bertín himself that
she also charged and has acknowledged it
earns 30,000 euros, it cannot be that here
let us be for the good and what is good
favors if you recognize it and for what
in quotes it hurts you, remember
you are welcome
When you draft the contract, it is sent to him
her email she understands that she asks you
remove any of the clauses that
was with his will
that I had could even have
signed without having passed it or anything
because he had enough power and that
judgment of sufficiency of seeing it evaluates it
The notary of Madrid follows a system
which is called a signal that goes from a sign
Sorry that goes from notary notary since
Seville, the one who has already chosen, goes
directly
It seems quite suspicious and quite
It's strange that Chabeli claims not to remember
of nothing that was in that agreement
in that notarial act but without
However, it does admit and it does recognize
having received that money from
Bertín something that does not agree at all and
much less when we are talking about
something so important that they are things that I
I think they don't forget in life.
lady appears on a television program
first gives an exclusive in a magazine
readings already benefit from doing this
the comments are only for the sake of encouragement
economic because here as a backdrop
In the background there is only a form
of going through the checkout twice first by
the notary where you withdraw money every month
a month with which she herself although not
would have agreed with this
agreement that makes you imagine that I would
she had invented it and she accepts it with
his own actions past 2 years and
having collected, he confirms that he is in
agreement already with that agreement with the step
of time and its own acts of having
The lawyer also collected the money
Teresa would claim to have found out about the
Chabeli's abortion and that apparently
would have taken place before he signed
that agreement something that according to Teresa
Chabelo and hid with the intention of
to be able to charge that much money for a program
yesterday that she had already had an abortion on the 17th
November, that is, one day before
I went to the notary's office, I go to the
I would notice that I was deceived just like the gentleman
Bertín Osborno obviously if I
I come to find out that she interrupts
voluntarily or that baby no longer exists
On the 18th I will not go to the notary nor for the
another part would go to Bertín nobody gives a
money for nothing That is to say, they are agreed upon
the parts for something not only
attacks Chabeli but also
has had for his lawyer and it is good
You may remember a couple of newscasts ago
that we were talking about here in this
channel of how the current lawyer of
Chabeli has resented this lawyer
calling his work terrorism in
Right Teresa Buella states in this
interview that is not only
asking for charges against this lawyer for
defamation and insults but also
administratively because what would have
This lawyer made a charge against a
partner in this way according to her would go
against the professional code between
lawyers have filed a complaint against you for
Navarro's falsehood does not mean that I think one
thing was happening two years ago during
Two years he doesn't say anything and now suddenly
a program comes out
has said yes
very tired of television programs
with geeks because they are geeks I have of the
Supreme Court a judgment that recognizes the
The term Geek is not an insult, eh?
people who are not famous for one
known profession one of the news
The most powerful of yesterday were the
Instagram stories that gave us
Gloria Camila in which she told how
According to her, both her ex-partner Kiko
Jiménez as his relatives in which
included not only his brother-in-law but also
his mother and his grandfather He even dedicates himself
insult her via instant messaging
through WhatsApp for example and
calls in secret that Gloria Camila
would have discovered and caught with
the hands in the dough that belonged to
I recommend that you see these people
yesterday's video if you haven't already
seen but basically in these messages
They made fun of her and sent her pictures of
Kiko with Rocío Carrasco telling him to swallow
and smaller and for example she talked about that
Cristian Suescun, Sofia's brother
Swedish current girlfriend of Kiko Jiménez
would call on a New Year's Eve with tones or
I'm not sure if I'm throwing the rod at him.
making fun of her or serious And
Well, also quite a few attitudes
weirdos let's call it that way
certain ones on the part of Kiko's family
Christian Swedish, Sofia's brother has
I wanted to answer today through your
Instagram stories while
I was on vacation answering
Gloria Camila with some comments
both unfortunate As for example
tell him to do something productive like
Open an onlyfan that is not good
nothing wrong with him, he is dedicated to it
the onlyfan in case you don't know what it is
like a social network in which you
you create your account which is paid and your
followers have to pay you money
change of content that normally
It is usually erotic and pornographic
Cristian suggests to Gloria Camila that
open an account and create this content
to do something productive with life and
even suggests making one
collaboration with him that you all understand
which means to have I am of
I'm enjoying the holidays. But oh well.
I'm sending myself a lot of messages that
Gloria Camila, I don't know what the hell she said.
that I called her with a hidden number
I never call with a hidden number Gloria I
On Christmas slash New Year then I congratulate
the year to all to all my agenda because it is
a day to celebrate and I'm happy
and everyone is happy and you don't have to
bitter because I congratulated you on the new year and the
Christmas and I've never ever called you
hidden number okay I liked you a lot
well despite the issues you've had
with my, with my sister or with my brother-in-law
You know if I'm on the sidelines of that with
Your father also has a very good one.
relationship value
another collaboration or whatever you want
In addition to this I would say that the one that is
obsessed with her family is she or is she
Gloria Camila and accuses him that
Well, maybe he does throw it away
cane on some occasions to her because she
She seems like a cute girl but at least
He does it when he's single, not like her.
Gloria Camila accusing him that
would have been unfaithful on some occasion with
Kiko in the past and something else that
She's obsessed with my family and such.
Well, it's you Gloria Forgive me for you
say for example when Kiko and my
sister did the thing with Netflix
Noel was the first to comment. It was you and
which quickly jumped and
I activate all the alarms you know that you
I would throw the rod Well, I was
single when I called you on New Year's
On New Year's Eve, I don't know if you're a girl.
that I thought was quite cute And if the same
It was a way of throwing you out on the street
You know little but I throw the rod
Being single for example you
you were with yourself and you were throwing the rod
Ravine
[Music]
I'm going to read you in the comments box
the truth is that this boy's answer
Well, it has all kinds of sensations, right?
not only because of the only fan issue
but to say the glory Camila that she does
something productive when literally great
part well let's see I don't know if a large part or
Well let's call it a big part, not a
what Kiko does today
Jimenez can do it well, I don't know anymore.
He doesn't dedicate the money he has, but he does.
earned what he has not by talking about it
She didn't want to talk about her ex-partner.
Gloria Camila and in the wake of Gloria Camila
Well, a few have eaten, no, that's good.
that there is nothing wrong with it, that it is legitimate
what can be done but well it's coming
from there no While Gloria Camila
Well, at the moment he hasn't given any.
exclusive has not given any interviews
He is studying law on the subject.
for example, she is not a girl who is
preparing that goes his roll that works
Anyway, I'll be reading the box of
comments tell me what you think
you and what do you think about this
such a wonderful response paparazzi
They would stop Belén Esteban at the door of
their house and of course they had to
ask him about the topic of the moment
in case Belén Esteban hadn't already
sufficiently clarified in the previous ones
interventions have been reaffirmed
that there is no break that does not exist
There is no marital crisis with the
Miguel and please ask again
respect for a person who according to her
It is anonymous and it is that the miguean that there is
appeared at some events with her and
has posed with her because his partner does not
He has sold his life, he is not a character
popular and famous as she is for
what Belén would be asking for please
that this person be respected and that
Well, you don't have to say it anymore than
there is nothing no
I'm going to start arguing with my husband
on a street I would also take advantage of this
intervention to take a dig at his
former bosses as if throwing them in tones
or the hearings are not going well
something that is completely real or that is
This is an objective fact, here it is no longer known
try to make us more or less in agreement
I agree that the hearings are going terribly.
Telecinco all the programs that are
testing Well they are going wrong and Belén
Esteban would tell them that it's good that since
They have removed Save Me because they didn't want it
save me and let's see if they stop too
talk about it but I also ask myself
ask
according to some rumors that have reached me
and it is true that some people
above mediaset no some I don't know if
the managers or whatever would be
as if repenting a little and they would have
made somewhere some kind of
comment about the stick that they might have had
precipitate by removing a program like
save me. Good thing it is true.
that after the docu-series under a
audience for how badly they did the
things but in the end the programs
that they are putting do not work one by one
give to miller there is no reality that is
resist and you already know that it has been the face
protagonist of several of them In
Telecinco on this occasion has wanted
leave the door open to a reality show that
You all know and as you already know
who has announced his return in recent days
from Big Brother VIP to Dara from its
social networks in particular from their
Twitter account posted this post
celebrating the return of the program that
was born on TV, let's say no, mother
I hear that song and it makes me
heart to me how cool that there are people
that they go and live that experience
that his friend Miguel Frienti responded
With You're Still Missing gh Duo Can You Imagine
And as I was already telling you,
a few seconds to give to the miller then
has already been on several reality shows and in
everyone has played a significant role
protagonist anonymous big brother
Big Brother reunion
crazy survivors would leave the
open door to an invitation to GH Duo
with this answer that he has given to
Miguel Hahaha You don't insist that you do
has made it clear to reject the offer for
What was seen was Nagore Roble who has
been on a podcast on podimo where he has
said that he has rejected this invitation
It seems that from the production company
They would have liked to have her for
This new edition of the famous and that
Apparently this is not the first time
It seems that they had already offered it somewhere
another occasion to participate in an edition
of famous people and that was in fact close
to enter one of them but when you
He knew that she had the relationship with
Sandra Barneda preferred to reject it.
for obvious reasons Not when you
you present this type of reality show at the end
Like you put too much and they can
splash the people you have
around Naorre Robles claims that she
only willing to return to the program
in the role of presenter that Oye hay
many people who are saying on networks
that maybe I'm getting too excited
Honestly, I wouldn't know what to tell you.
you never know you never know and then
I have also been proposed for GH now
VIP and obviously I said no
He wanted me to go Guadalix will be like
presenter was also asked
about which presenter was their favorite
to present Big Brother and has
answered quite emphatically no
has had no doubts in betting on
Mercedes Milan like all of us we love
Big Brother despite Nagore
I would say that Jorge Javier is also good.
It seems to him that he has his point and he has his
way of presenting it also fun
but that sometimes it would fall into certain
circumstances for which people then
They point to him as the little dictator
according to some sources and some
rumors on social networks another of
the famous ones who would have been tempted to
participate in this new edition of great
brother would be Melanie Olivares who is
a very famous actress in Spain who
Surely everyone knows why
You've seen her in a lot of movies
And besides, well, it was very successful.
her role in Aída the series alongside Paco
Leon what is not known if this in the end
It is a rumor, it is not confirmed nor is it
denies but the proposal does
what has been seen has been done and in these
moments because you don't know how things are going
negotiations And whether or not he would have accepted
What can be confirmed is that the
Mediaset studio number 6 where
it has always been everyone's set
Telecinco reality shows in the
recent years is already under renovation
preparing the new set of what will be
the new edition presented by Marta
Flich who assures that he will have a set
quite spectacular with some
news that we have never seen before
A hearing will take place this Wednesday
which Dani Alve will be able to declare again
before the judge and it will be the last hearing that
will have with the judge before being
sent to trial the judge who is in charge of the
case has already decided to take it to trial
as everyone expected and also in
He is currently on bail
150,000 euros Dani Alves in this
occasion may maintain its version may
Add new things Or you can go back to
contradict themselves next August 2nd
Wednesday at 12:30
in court for a statement
investigation, that is to say simply just in case
want to add something to the process and from there
from there the date of the
Gustavo González has pronounced judgment
in a short interview he gave
for the magazine soon about your
legal situation with Mariló Montero already
You know that Mariló Montero is
asking for six years in prison for both
Gustavo González as Diego Arrabal and
has another lawsuit that is being filed by the
civil proceedings in parallel in which already
were sentenced in the first instance to
more than 300,000 euros but as they carry
this criminal trial simultaneously because
the civil case is suspended until
that the penalty be resolved first because
The law here in Spain requires you to
be it so, okay if you have a judgment
criminal the same case for civil and criminal
The criminal matter must first be resolved
the criminal and the civil is suspended
therefore the first sentence
instance is hereby annulled and
when you see what is happening with him
penalty Well they continue with that
procedure, that is to say that this
The biggest thing for now is the date
The trial already had a first part
but now it has a second part
end of January 2024 although they have
been with in the first instance by the
civil way it is true that in the
criminal case the Public Prosecutor's Office does not
is accusing because they consider that in
In this case there would be no criminal offense.
in any case some civil persecution that
It would be seen too, therefore I believe
that they will have little criminal reproach
But well, we can't be fortune tellers or
experts we will see what it is
pass and once the penalty passes
recovers the procedure again
civil and resumes its course not to this
there is a lot left, okay, this is it
there is a huge gap between instances
supreme resources in the end The Movida that
Gustavo González has signed to be
quite overwhelmed to remind you that no
is only involved in these causes
but he is also accused of
the light operation that now you
I will comment on some things on the subject and
considers that what is being done to him
Mariló Montero is judicially a
complete harassment and crushing in another order
There are also new things about the
operation of looks And it is that the judge who
The instruction has already been set and the date has been set
end of preliminary proceedings Although it has
made an extension of another six months
I don't understand why it won't have
feel like doing it yet or whatever
I know the truth is that I don't understand it.
why but his motive will have at the end
January 2024, specifically on the 28th
If I'm not mistaken, it puts an end to the
preliminary proceedings and it is decided whether the
case is filed or goes to trial in
These developments are also claimed to be
are left out of the procedure as
accused Adrián Madrid and Óscar Cornejo
I say this because there are many people who are
on Twitter still Ah the factory of the
TV is going to find out, I don't know that I don't know
how much for now Adrian Madrid and Oscar
Cornejo have already been left out of this
procedure yes it is true that
There are still some workers left
TV factory some editors but
that surely as I already take you
saying since last year journey
These people are a shame, I think I can do it.
make mistakes but I think they are not going to
have worth I think they are not going to have
no type of penal route there
who remain accused and are the ones who
They will surely eat the brown one.
policeman who is the one who did the thing
serious not the serious crime that also the
himself does not deny it and Gustavo González
maintains the charge No, we will see
see what's happening to him but I
I think that in the end almost everyone will leave
It's okay to get by and pay something. I think that
It's going to be the policeman and we'll see.
because also in my opinion in my
opinion is okay, I could be wrong but
In my opinion, all those who have
personified that suddenly when he has
finished save me they have appeared
many more people not many more
famous I think most of them
celebrities who are appearing is for
try to get them to offer something later
on TV to reach agreements and
otherwise it hasn't been many years since he didn't want to
suddenly they want to appear now
person Not all but well once
see that the producer is left out
Well, I don't know if they will be interested in
maintain the charge against the police officer
I think that most of them go
to think that he doesn't care about the policeman who
They are going to win by putting him in jail
The police will even be lazy
having to be going back and forth
other cities and the crime of disclosure
The secret is that you have
to maintain the accusation if suddenly
they reach an agreement or the police officer asks them
sorry and they want well come on
let's leave it. Well, there wouldn't be any.
no reproach to the police officer but
Well, I'm getting ahead of myself already.
We'll see what happens
moment that is worth in January the closing
prior intelligence instruction and there
decides whether to set a trial date or
archive okay that I think is very
It is likely that a trial date will be given
more likely because the police officer does not
has denied the facts nor could he deny them
anyway we can't either
confirm that Carlota's passage
sliding in his new project has been
a complete failure not only
economically as well as business-wise
And his YouTube channel and his channel
from Spotify Well, it has not managed to have
no longer the repercussions that perhaps
She imagined but very little
I think very little impact
An anonymous person opens a channel of
YouTube and would have more or less the same
that she is worth in a month that she has been
opened the YouTube channel that is not
not much to come from such a person
famous so well known that it comes from
working so many years in television is that
We are talking about Carlota Corredera
presenter of the documentary Rosito and
presenter and director of Sálvame
for a long time 3,500 subscribers
3,500 subscribers in a month is worth it.
podcast announcement because it had 1500
barely any visits and well the first podcast
So it had a little more impact
If everyone had more or less the same
visits Well maybe they could go
Throwing away we are talking about 43,000
visits but the following ones are already
that they have been recording, okay Miriam
González Valeria Vega who have 7,000
visits that have 7,000 visits that
We are talking about these being seven
euros and now the last complete failure
that has been here for almost a week and hasn't arrived
nor at 3,000 visits, that is, there will be
earned two or three euros for that podcast
We are talking about what was known that
Carlota Correderas also made a
very large investment in mounting the dish
that you have already seen that they were
mounted in a very Pro mounted the
set the team I think has a team
of production no and it is that they are the
mistakes these people make when
They come from TV, they don't come with super
large producers with super-large ones
montages and here what people want
It is not your heart and your surrender with your
public and with your community that you go
creating your community over time and not
your affinity with it and Carlota Corredera
because it has shown that it has rejection in
the public rejection is worth it. It cannot be done.
say that the program because on top of that I
I think that almost all of the colleagues of
YouTube many youtubers not of those who
We are here now and we have our place
We have this channel that you want that no that
It's a promo and it's completely over
completely unnoticed
unnoticed, that is, to recover the
investment is that not even to recover the
investment looks like it's going to
not even enough to recover what was invested
Okay, so it's going to cost you quite a bit.
that is, ruin then in another order of things
We have also had Marta Arriescoy
denouncing the behavior of some
haters who have messed with their
physical directly but yes with the
way she has to edit the
photo put filters and so on no longer
You know that it is widely commented that Tuesday
who uses many filters in his photos
from Instagram and there are many people who
uses this as a mockery against her
and Marta wanted to dismantle
some arguments in the stories of
Instagram of the last few hours something else
I'm a bit lazy to comment
But let's see, I'm going to comment on it, okay, I'm going to
give the gossip the gossip you need
my haters my dear haters it turns out
There is a photo of me in a post that you
I'm going to show it in the next Story
some tolay barratolais who by the way
My comments, I have one for sample.
I'm going to show you a button now.
commented the following
and so there are threads on Twitter about this
last photo of Barbie I have also seen
another person commenting on this
so in these comments of my
friends those who love me and want me
so much that these people are
They have commented that I photoshopped
a photo so so so so that they have me
three legs out okay communicated I
I knew you weren't very smart, okay?
you have to be a little clever and have a life
boring as hell to dedicate yourselves to
make Twitter Threads to post
comments on anything of mine
to search as well as criticism
laugh at my humiliation then
I obviously know that you have a life of
[ __ ] things as they are you have one
shitty life but of course this is not for me
I expected I didn't expect it because between
all the criticism you make of me like
Well, take my photos or worse, all the photos.
and I lose 40 kilos and I don't know what I don't know
how many such clear what I never
I sincerely imagined that this photo is
I leave here where the shadow is seen, attention
you can see the shadow of the chair which is like
A shadow can be seen in the spotlight from wicker
not that it looks perfect in my mind Never
I never imagined that all
a bad photo and that he had three legs
then of course
I answered one who had asked me a question
comment and I said Sorry, I mean it's just that
I don't know what you're talking about because the
The truth is that I wasn't understanding it and
Now when he sends me the photo I mean it
I mean, I'm so stupid, the haters are stupid or
the people who dedicate yourselves to doing these
[ __ ] to say that I have three
legs and because you see a shadow of the
wicker chair where I have taken out
a video of mine or real dolls
dolls stop being stupid because
I already want haters with class, that is.
I don't want these haters who are not
Come not even a photo, I want haters with class
That is, haters who do things that are a bit unfair.
make sense let's analyze the [ __ ]
What my friends say here, okay, this is it.
photograph one where you can see here the
wicker shade is worth it
this second photo third photo and the
fourth photo where they say I have three
legs, okay, let's enlarge it and it looks
obviously the shadow
that comes from here to here the
shadow okay I know it's more fun
To say that I have three legs is in fact
I don't even see the optical effect but
Well the fact is that there really is
people who surprise me with the
nonsense that you say seriously then
I want to say something
the dumbest hater I have and this one
applause too
for all of you who have
continued the thread of the dumbest hater
that I have so I would love to do
Well, I would love to do one.
Gala and that you went to collect the award
because I have haters of many types
Pikachu landscapes suns beaches pens
potato omelettes but from among all
the haters and all the antics
Congratulations because you have won And for
last then leave it with one of the
yesterday's news I don't know if
You will remember why it was a few years ago
I think we were there for months
commenting that Jorge Javier from his
blog in the magazine lectura arremetido
against Mario Vaqueriso wanting the
point out why Well because Mario and
Alaska you already know that Alaska collaborates with
Federico I think actually came to
collation a little with that topic not with the
fight he had with Federico too
Mario Vaquerizo Well, it has been good.
certain movements in recent days
and in recent weeks it has been very
criticized for the flags that are put up
no and so on and so on and so Jorge has to
impose his opinion and will not respect the
others even pointing it out and linking it
with some political parties as well
lying lying about certain
political parties making things up
about those games that are not true
But well, the mantras of these people in
an interview with Mario Vaqueriso
taken advantage of not only to respond
for the accusations and the people who
is currently criticizing but
He also had a few words for
Jorge Javier Mario Vaquerizo has
answered in a podcast and said the following
Next Jorge can have his opinion
Who am I to say that Jorge Javier
don't comment on what you think of me in
I respect that moment but Jorge
Javier you don't know me has pointed out that
Well Jorge Javier Vázquez has always been
a little bit higher sense says respect
but I don't share it because you
Disappointment is not in you
In my opinion, you and I are not friends.
just like what you think Well he also speaks
about the end of Sálvame that claims
says the very important role that has
fact says that it has changed the world and the
way of making television has
missing Because we all have to
disappear we cannot perpetuate ourselves and
absolutely nothing happens, there is no need
see it as a betrayal. Well then.
Mario Vaquerizo's controversies It's true
that Jorge Javier Vázquez at the time
Well, it was quite hard, Mario Vaquerizo.
has also starred in quite a few
controversies in his latest statements
I had said that I didn't want to
get involved in these political issues and I
I think it could be good for you but it is
Of course, well, we had always been
sold as if there was good vibes between
Jorge Javier Vázquez, the people of Sálvame
with Mario Vaquerizo and Alaska and nothing that
seeing me surprised me that Mario
went to the set of Let Yourself Be Loved in
this last stage with Paz Padilla when
Peace has also been one of
the most critical of him in any
case Well then a few words quite
hard we are not friends in the first place
I think I am a person who recognizes
your mistakes and I have to admit one to you
I was wrong, I'm very sorry, I won't be back
happen or well surely if it will happen
because I'm a big mouth, look at me
I thought the Grand Prix this season
It wasn't going to work that much, I didn't expect it
not a ruin but not a success either
that is having And it is that in the second
program of this summer edition
sweeps Spanish television again
with 25% of Shane almost 2 million and
average viewers on average
They tuned in to watch this program and
enjoy the summer with them
I swear I believed this was not going to happen
work because many times we have
like that nostalgia factor and we ask for the
things and then we don't consume them but in
This time, although there are things and criticisms
because there is something that people have
don't like it, like for example
Cristinini in the little window 2.0
program is being a success
Congratulations however we can't say
the same from Mediaset as since it has
shotgunned save me yes it is true and
we have to admit that the audiences
They are plummeting And that's good
the new managers In my opinion I think
who don't understand much about television
because they are releasing programs
a little strange and they don't find the key to
pleasing the public, I think this is going away
to solve a little bit the issue of
Big Brother because Big Brother does
It may be a program that can captivate
We'll see what happens because
They are not on a roll lately.
start the 2023 2024 season with
many, many, many challenges
ahead some Britons worth
Let's analyze those audiences this
month of July that are historic as
you will see and those three four great ones
There are three devastating headlines and another
fourth headline they have at Mediaset
as the negative protagonist they have
Mediaset between a rock and a hard place
You will see the first one is in the news in
Yes, the first big headline is that
Mediaset, or Telecinco in this case, has
been the third option has fallen to the
third option
last July month of July is
say No. Not only does it not close the gaps that
As you will see, they have grown older with their
main competitor so far
which was antenna Antena 3 but it loses
second place to the detriment of 1st
of Spanish television in fact the
hearings are as follows
Antena 3 among these three channels
Antenna 3 12
average audience share of 12 points
9.9 all chains go down
compared to the previous month we are in
holiday season and as you know
there are many, there are many people who
He is already on vacation, no 12.9
For Antena 3 the second option is 1
Spanish television with 9.9 and 6
tenths six tenths behind is
Telecinco is worth it. So the first big one
devastating headline for Mediaset in this
case also for Telecinco is that in
This July the worst will come true
We already warned of omens from here
a few minutes before I started
last night's live show It was confirmed that
It could be the news of the year
only the one that could be confirmed
the news of the year but also
confirmed the exclusive we saw here in
telesalseo Marina Hernán revealed to us
that the trial for non-payment of pensions
which had been previously suspended
by Rocío Carrasco against her son David
flowers would have taken place this Thursday
These are the voices that have wanted to deny
this information because potato or whatever
but literally because they were potatoes
based on the fact that the means were not made
echo Amador Mohedano saying that as it is
summer Well, we make up news for
have visitors and we were literally
very sure we were not only very
insurance but we had much more
information on this topic but not
We wanted to go into detail because
We wanted to respect and understand that
This is a very painful subject and although
We have to give the news because of
That's what our work is about. I am
completely with Antonio David In this
topic and with all his family and if he is
respecting and not giving too much hype to the topic
until there is a sentence. Well, I
also removing the fact that it has
that I will give some headline if I find out
This move but we were very sure
I will be very sure of the headline, hyper mega.
waiting for everyone's apologies
those people who have insulted us
for 48 hours inventing by
complete that it was a hoax spoiler not it
They are going to do it because they only have
envy and anger And that is what keeps
I live with many people not only
would confirm the news that the trial
has not taken place but apparently it has
has leaked the sentence before the
have your own family I have tried
hire this information but it is that
The family does not have the sentence yet
If a sentence has been handed down tomorrow
during the day or today during the day
today Wednesday during the day
will receive at some point Surely
I think I imagine that during the day
Today we will be able to have the information if
We don't have it, they will surely give it to us.
them in the Antonio David Channel or in
the Channel from right to the heart So
We will be waiting for a judge to sentence
Rocío Carrasco for not paying the pension to
your good son according to what they tell me
that this would have to be confirmed when
we have the complete ruling would be reflected
that Rocío Carrasco is not only that
has not paid the pension but
nor has he paid the health insurance of the
child will have to pay him the 13,200 euros that
owes him and a fine of 900 euros more
but he avoids going to jail
Well, the thing about Libra entering the
prison this was already known from the
At first the other side was
asking for a year in prison, let's go
fulfilled that they had not condemned a
year of obviously does not enter the
year plus the two years would have been
prescribed and that's it but they haven't
sentenced only to a fine for certain
coincidences of life Today has been
a tangled clip went viral and the whole thing
world is sharing it is a
extract from Sálvame in which María appears
Patiño and this extract in particular
would clarify and shed light on many of the
doubts that people have about this
conflict that exists between the parties
due to Rocío's inheritance
Jury because when Rocío left she stayed
a very important debt that he paid
daughter Rocío Carrasco when she sold the
House of Morality, no one wanted to take over
Gloria Camila and how to face that debt
Your mother was very smart and saw that you
father decided to stay with the Empire
that cost him a million and a half and that you
mother invested three and sold it for
six when he sold mint I said
I'm already leaving the inheritance to my children, Gloria.
and to José Fernando and that debt that there was
stayed there when he put that clause of
that the house of morality has to be
sell in less than two years is because
was aware of the liquidity that
stayed and told my daughter the heiress
universal that is sold within two years
because this is going to have to be paid
And Rocío pays it in full.
Carrasco nobody puts a single penny but
You should know that your mother left you an inheritance
to you and your brother a lot of money and no
only the million that each of you gets
the moral and that when he asked for money
to your father who had a project
life and the one I loved Don't ask me about
what did he say no to? Anyway, I'm in trouble.
I have several videos on this topic
You can search and tell me what you think.
Our beloved Rosa Villa Cachina
wanted to give your opinion on a podcast that
It is called purgatory on the closing
from Sálvame and Ana's new programs
Rosa Quintana
more politics than those of those of
Sálvameo Although Jorge Javier is quite
And well, the president of the chain
From Borja Prado, logically, he pulls
where it pulls to the right it will not go
to throw neither for the socialists nor for the
others Then I think they are interested
have that part that is very important of
the afternoon was quite cloudy in the
policy refers to cover for you
Come on, I don't really agree.
with what our company is saying
Dear Rosa, she is not almost a
conspiracy no and that they are like almost
preparations for Well then to have
the media controlled not by
the right and thus benefit the
votes maybe not for example not
I know what you think, Oscar Tarruela.
judicial expert of the Biondo family who
was with us last week in
that special we made about the case
I recommend that you watch it, okay, I will be
putting it here on the screen I will be
leaving it here if I don't forget
already released his video with the predictions
what he thinks it will be about
Netflix documentary And Where Will They Go?
the shots Raquel Sánchez Silva was the
who played the choking games
Palermo court managed to contact
the trafficker who claimed to know
Raquel for years and that I met
Mario Biondo because she introduced him to him
They hid from us that the documentary
Netflix is ​​produced by the smanager
from Raquel so that we could record without
knowing it will be sold as a curtain
of smoke so that reality cannot be seen
has been closed in the documentary pack
and the reality show False good love This is it
combines Oscar What do you think?
We have yet to see the video.
we will see it completely and surely
we will react to it tonight no longer
Tomorrow Thursday Alejandra Rubio has
pronounced regarding his cousin José
Maria Almoguera and this is all that
you have to tell us but a good date
to chat at some point with
your cousin Once I don't want to talk about
That topic of truth is all for me
well and that's it. Okay, still known.
Baby Well it is what it is, it's worth it when you get it
you know without problem you would say it or to what
better if your cousin asks you to see if I
asks me not to say it of course not
but I don't have any problem, I don't think so.
that such good news is not bad at all
give a hug Yes yes yes all good that
things you believe that that moment will come
maybe yes of course yes especially because
On your part, yes, on my part, no problem.
basically you already know that things
between the fields and the sheep, well, no
They are at 100% at their best
moment and it seems that Alejandra
I still wouldn't have known, I wouldn't have known
been able to know the baby given the situation
from his cousin news in Dani's case
Alves you already know that today will be able to new
statement with new facts to maintain
your position or change it for the moment
the player will have a trial date
on bail of 150,000 euros and would have
prepared a new strategy
defense that Maika commented on today in the
summer program moment in which the
magistrate the head of court number
15 which is what has made this
investigation that has barely lasted six
months ago I informed you of this car
processing and ask him if he agrees
agreement because he will say that he does not agree
I didn't know if Martel would finally come on Thursday.
will give some statement, it was not
raising had to comment on the
next few hours also with your client
with Daniel who is likely to go to
visit the truth in the next few hours
is that we already carried out the investigation
Beatriz has been commenting on it for several weeks
already finished in neither part
the judge had requested none
another expert test only remained that one
report of the psychologists of the
forensic psychiatrists Remember that
delayed after the lawyer of
Dani Alves will request the presence in
that test from a psychologist of a
psychiatrist on behalf of the judge
finally denied the hearing of
Barcelona accepted that request and the
The indictment itself includes the
conclusion of that forensic writing and it is
very forceful because it assures and concludes
that the victim is a 23-year-old girl who
Dani Alves accuses him of having raped him
These psychiatrists assure in this report
to which it itself refers
Magistrate, well, it is concluded that there is
a post-traumatic stress disorder
globally high intensity and that this
stress is causing you a
functional impact and deterioration in
various areas of operation and the most
important that they can relate
significantly with the facts
reported with that violation in short
that is clear to me and I think that you are going to
to agree with me is that Dani
Alves in this case has it quite a bit
[ __ ] up and that's what happens, that's what there is
leaks that Elena tablada in the
judicial procedure that has with
Javier Hungría in which he would be
trying to gain custody of their
children would have hired a detective
private to spy on the movements and the
life that Javier leads all this with the
intention to leave him in a bad place
facing the court and facing custody
And we have a lot to cut with him.
private detective matter of nature
You had the exclusive a bit ago
A few days on television in Embrace Suns
And yesterday in another program Well then
Telecinco, that's life, they gave a little bit
confirmation by the company itself
Elena of that hiring that would not be
not during marriage but after
when you start the procedures
divorce and you have to start proving
things not facing the trial, let's see I'm
Detective Elena could prove it
determine the life that Javier leads
I don't know what life wants little
recommendable you mean without saying
come on
At the trial, Javier Hungría can be seen there.
Well, in several restaurants but with the
waitress with friends with friends and no
There's nothing wrong with that, let's say he's a normal guy.
what we all do, we go, that is, I don't
I know what he carries, what he wants to prove
Elena, what surprises me is the
position that Elena Tablada's daughter has taken
the mother the mother delena tablada
Belenita is the mother Elena is the daughter
wrote if you want tell it yourself or Dani
also
a conversation on WhatsApp the other
day and what it tells me and what I miss
It is your position because you tell me I want
much to Javier
Well
another part of the message that I have been able to
read she also said a bit like
saying I don't quite understand why
They get into these gardens both one
like another because in the end with time
everything ends when the water does not return
your cause what do you think family
you would do the same with the intention of
have custody and earn a
judicial procedure or do you think that
Elena Tablada brings it every time
We have more information about that trial
which took place last week in the
that Rocío has ended up condemned
Carrasco for non-payment of pensions
family abandonment for not having passed the
maintenance that she was obliged to pay
pass it on to your son, let us remember that the son
because he suffers from a disability due to which
is not independent So by far
who has reached the age that he has
accomplished and whatever he is doing
doing Not quite being independent
so Rocío Carrasco would continue
forced and also this would go now
years behind in paying child support
not only that maintenance but
We must also remember that there are others
cats Like health insurance for example
and apparently all this is reflected
In the sentence, look, there was a lot
people who were protesting and saying that the
exclusive that we had given the other day
Regarding this trial, it was not
true because the media was not
echoing and that is a lecture
family from now on We are in a
new era the media are things
different from the current ones These are
These telescopic means are not available here.
only I work, I am the one
presenter and the SEO director call me
As you wish, journalists work here.
quality and I fully trust the
information given here is the only thing that
Yes, we are going to correct it and we have to give it to him
The reason Diego Arrabal agrees with this is that
the date of the trial was not the
Thursday apparently was Friday and
We had a little day dance there
but nothing happens Rocío Carrasco was there
In court, Rocío Flores tried to greet her.
and Rocío Carrasco turned her face away
He was crying during this statement
alleges that she tried to pay it and that
I intended to pay this
maintenance but the Treasury had it
seized and has not been able to be worth anything
It has not been mentioned during the trial that Rocío
Carrasco unsuccessfully asked to be
open to journalists she assured
that had been seized by agency
would tax all their assets and that they had
tried to pay his child's support
but there was no way for the judge to do something
rejected in the Carrasco ruling
tried to have legitimacy rejected
from her ex-husband Antonio David flowers for
join the accusation against her something
which the judge also ruled out
Judge understands that Antonio David maintains
the extended parental authority over his/her
son because despite being older
David is of age and suffers from a disability
Flores has no Independence nor
own autonomy signal to the sentence
They remembered that Rocío Carrasco would have
been sentenced to pay what she owed
14,100 euros, including the fine
of 900 euros for the crime committed on
Indian of the blue tide that a tweeter to
that We All Want has published a
photo and video montage in which
This news with a bit of newspaper archives
In reference to the documentary and some
statements that a couple of years ago and
I am Rocío Carrasco on this topic of
son stating that at some point we
could explain everything and that we
we would be surprised and we would know the
truth when I could demonstrate it where
I had to prove it, well, it's another thing.
another use of the figure of the
children to crush me and to and
to earn money that is the good father
In your case it would be living off your ex-wife.
Until you can live off your children
Rocío until now pension that you are
claim Look Carlota, on the 30th I am
He called to testify and I considered it good.
Me and my lawyer that having some
procedural irregularities
irregularities like what I know
It notifies me, it notifies me here in my
The complaint is filed but I am not notified
absolutely nothing else has been done
I forward to my lawyer the day that this
person is going to testify on the 23rd
statement is made without having to
lawyer to the lawyer of the other party who
in this case it is mine
then in front of a lot of
irregularities We have gone
presenting resources all resources
have not yet been resolved then it takes
Your Honor, what I told you is that
I was not going to testify at that time but
that I would be delighted to declare and
to tell you what I have to tell you
but once all those little bumps
those procedural irregularities
the issue of the child was resolved
You will know and it will be known through me and I will tell you
and I will prove it when and where I do not
I know but I have to prove it anyway
that I proved the case of the girl
I will demonstrate why, just as with the
another case there is another plot in the middle and there is
a very big plot behind that. Well
yes there was a big plot yes the plot
The biggest thing that has happened is that Rocío
Carrasco after having dedicated himself
for many months to be documentaries
with Telecinco in which she was a
victim of gender violence although
the judges said no and also
invented a lot of terms
feminists not of this new feminism of
Irene Montero in which she also
He considered that violence was being done to him
vicarious because they used the
children to harm him Well it turns out to be
who has been condemned because she is the
who did not pay child support and
Justice has had it very clear
after this That is, after being
She was sentenced for not paying the
child support, family abandonment
The Pink Tide has made the fuchsia tide
trending topic from abuser to me already
This is what makes my head explode.
and I lose the desire to do anything
any video like the series I was on
doing at the time dismantling the
documentary that in case anyone wants it
you can find it in the game oversito
Ok, the documentary is dismantled partly
on the part without having spoken with me
Antonio David without having spoken to him
lawyer without having documentation without
have a lot of knowledge that I have
Now the documentary had not been released
where to take it, okay, but of course for
What are you going to do, but if it is that
has just been sentenced for not paying the
he wanted to put his son's pension
stupid excuses in front of the judge and his
followers by ideology are putting
This hashtag is Ade abusive but it is
who looks at this tweet is that you are very
The judge briefly applies the minimum sentence
for some reason second wants them to appear
the sentence that the boy does not have
ability to discern who put the
denounces who puts the son against the
Mother, who manipulates him, that is violence
vicar, let's see if you understand now, that is, yes
You denounce the woman, the mother of
your children Well mother not mother Noah but
Well, if you report the mother,
because he is not paying the pension
vicarious violence but she can
report him if he doesn't pay her
pension but the judge says otherwise
applies the minimum penalty for something is no Yes
It is clear that what the judge has done is
that since Antonio is very bad and she is
fuchsia because the judge has condemned her
because he has committed a crime But he is going to
condemn only a little because
Antonio David is disliked. It's that I, before
I can't do anything about this anymore, family.
Before this I can't force myself to
explaining things with plasticine is that
we are talking about a sentence is that
we are talking about her being condemned
That in the end the one who has done something for
not paying child support is
She is that intelligence goes behind
yours and try to reach or what happens
that I am very fast that you run
much and does not catch Anthony had announced
for today at 9 p.m.
a live broadcast in which he will explain everything
the details of this sentence Well no
I know to what extent all the details
but I imagine that if not family tomorrow
direct at 9 and has put there the
reminder so that no one is left out
forget what happens is that you have
programmed wrong has set the time and the
Bad date but hey will fix it when
realize it's okay but the sentence that
Rocío Carrasco is sentenced for abandonment of
family from September onwards too
There will be changes in the Sur channel.
autonomous region of Andalusia where I also
I work on one of their programs not on
one of their most watched programs people
wonderful that in case you haven't seen
I recommend that you do my interventions
look for Toñi Moreno will lead the
New mornings on Canal Sur starting in
September, a space for current affairs
Produced by Sequoia Studios since
Here of course as it could not be otherwise
another way to wish you the best vibes
Toñi Moreno María Patiño has given
so much to talk about, look how much we were
talking in the previous video about the
ruin that had been the podcast of
Carlota Corredera and the little that was there
I am completely sure that
that this one will more or less have the
same visits he had with Belén
Esteban and when Carlota realizes
account It's going to start parading there
all the Sálvame companions
doing him a favor is not very complicated
that María Patiño participate in these
things worth It doesn't usually participate But
Well, we understand that it is a favor
personal in this first clip that I'm going to show you
to put María Patiño would affirm that she did not
likes to give interviews because he doesn't
They like it to be used in interviews
because everything was so tense and I
since the media used it for their
own wars were not used to the
that we were working on this case in
save me I felt used and I didn't
I like that I use it, I like to have control
about what I say and I don't like that
others try to control what I say
for their own interests and not for their own
I have stopped believing much for that reason in
my misfortune In some media I in
This last stage has brought me great
disappointments not because I have been a great
defender and I continue to think and believe in
the medium because in fact it is what I
I want to dedicate And what I dedicate myself to no
I know how to do something else but I have taken
big disappointments because I have always
saying that rots the human being that
resentment and the need for revenge
and it's something I constantly run away from
when negative thoughts come to my mind
I immediately wipe my head
because I know that from there it begins
my self-destruction I have hallucinated that
gossip magazines used us then
to defend or to attack
situations that I couldn't understand And
so that's why I decided not to take off a
little at the level of interviews Because
Also, I don't like it, I insist, I don't understand
Very well. What do you mean by this?
The only thing that comes to mind is one
interview he gave talking about the
luxury operation and she implied
which is not the same as a revelation of
Secret that the professional right that
have journalists and have sources
police and there were many people who more
that a defense could see it as a
attack is that I can't think of anything else
the truth because use well let's see
She is obliged to give her opinion on what she
TV factory wants me to give my opinion
made you remember as if from one day to the next
another change in the speech but radical I
I remember that the first videos that
We were doing the documentary series A ella le
We applauded because she was one of the few who
He showed his face and said the things that
She knew nothing about the issue of Rocío
Carrasco has the ability to say no
understand how people look the other way
side that is like people don't
wants to learn and doesn't want to realize
and that is why Maria is obviously unaware
Patiño is not going to recognize it, it would be very clumsy.
and it would look very bad if he had to change
of opinion because he had to change it
face of everything that happened with
Rocío's series For me it was above all
an incredible Caritas operation not in
many levels
feminism not gender violence
From the heart It has hurt me a lot
but the subject of Rocío Carrasco for me
I summarize it, I don't want to know, I'm happy
with what I know and I don't want to move forward and in
that way of sticking with what you believe
which is the truth, it seems to me that I cannot achieve it
understand it not primarily about people
intellectuals people with certain
I do not pretend to anyone's training
convince but I can't understand why
They take me to listen to my progress or my
way to modify my idea
Regarding Rocío it was as simple as
read listen like stir like
self-criticize myself as And from there
I changed my mind But I insist no
I try to change people's minds
But I can't understand the people who
They decide to look the other way in the end.
an act of cowardice and I have only
evolved in life being
aware of when I am wrong that
Every day of my life I have something to
learning even made me suffer as well
María Patiño would also have the saint
Papo emphasizes that for example in that
case and in the case of Dani Alves
comparing one case with the other that already
because it is strong, it was greatly emphasized
the issue of the presumption of innocence that
It is supposed to be had but in
other cases of women such as
Isabel Pantoja who was not asked to be
He would emphasize so much that it had to be respected
It is mind-blowing to compare Isabel's case
Pantoja that was completely fragrant
with the theme of Antonio David that has been
investigated for three years that have
sent everything that has been and has been
wanted to scratch Rosito where there was none
one morning and that there was nothing that
There was no room for judgment, you were the one
What I tell you is that it has not been
acquitted It's not that there wasn't even enough to
trial bringing it to a current topic
This is the case, for example, of Dani Alves.
There is also an impressive machismo
I would say that the documentary has had a
professional growth for her because
see if you can give that growth to the Channel
of Carlota Corredera because daughter who does not
pull forward not even on the count of three
so that kind of thing for me there was
a background that has helped me to
understand them and that's what I learned with the
Rocío series therefore I will give
Thank you because for me it has been a
absolute professional growth of the
that I feel more proud of ours
dearest Isabel González to whom
We send a huge kiss from here and a
hug and all the love in the world to this
Channel And well, you already know that we follow him
every day on the program
Federico is in the mornings
afternoon also on Antena 3 Isabel in the
sonsole's program where she has been
commenting on the topic of Luis Miguel
and Paloma Cueva Isabel González
I would emphasize the good relationship that exists
among them and as a dove is doing
a fundamental support essential in
the singer's life has already landed in
Luis Miguel airport in his plane
private and who will accompany you throughout
as long as they can, that Paloma tour
Cuevas is going to do what he has done
so far low profile tends to be that
star the Astro is Luis Miguel but
who doesn't want to stop being with him
a moment as important as this in
The singer's life has been a balm
not in the life of Luis Miguel at all
those alleged problems that I had and
will stay with him for as long as he wants
can and as long as they allow you
The successful singer would have taken out the
the tickets were on sale and they had lasted two
blinking for not telling you one is
Sweeping and right now it is in
Latin American tour and Paloma Cueva
It will be your support and will not fail to accompany you
throughout the tour on day 3 the tour begins
tour absolutely sold out
sold within seconds of putting on the
tickets to the
window I don't know if it was in Buenos Aires
It was three days and suddenly they had
had to make an extension of I don't know
How many more days until Luis arrives?
Miguel has been broadcast by the
Argentine television and since then it has
got off the plane because he was followed by
fan media the 18 motorcycles of
safety of cars because he also
moves with several tinted cars
security So I'm looking forward to it
security would also emphasize that Luis
Miguel is in one of the
best but the best moment of your life
not only in the love issue with
Cave dove who have a relationship
impressively incredible but
It is also found Even at its best
At the moment, he is very excited physically
With this tour I think that on this tour there has been
put the remains and also Paloma is going to
be there and physical
the reading magazine surprised or not
surprised everyone yesterday with
a cover in which we saw a
Summer Terelu having a good time
Enjoying the summer now
I can't stand seeing my mother suffer any longer.
again one of the Campos selling to
the mother and taking out an exclusive Asa
With this, the saddest summer in Terelu
I'll tell you some of the headlines that
has given in the interview there are like two
blocks one of them would be both darts
against Mediaset on account of having
removed save me and the other part would be
by those of his mother as it could not be otherwise
another way How many cynics do not try
pretend we're dead and
We are super alive, maybe it's Eye of
more This is harmful to whoever does it
It does so because the public is not stupid. Look
If we are interested, we just have to see
the hearings ellipsis
save me, I could be mortally wounded like this
in quotation marks but with the things that
have done and how they have done what
They have managed to revive and resurrect
save me we've been waiting for 34 days
a death sentence to see here
Basically, well, I think Terelu
You are somewhat right, yes it is true
which I find quite risky because
to put it in a way that also
Throw jabs at the chain and how badly it
They are doing it because it is that
It's really that the new managers
They don't understand TV. At the moment, no.
I don't know if they don't understand TV or
have never been on TV or what is it
what they are doing but for the
moment is that they have not given a we will see
see if they make the Big Brother
things well and lift the thing that is there
They have a great opportunity but
moment with the formats that are
taking out they are not right they are not the
things well and as we were already talking about
in the previous video they have become
in the third in the third option it is worth it
Spanish television has told them in advance
that it is true that the Great
Prix ​​It's amazing and also this month
previous because it has been the elections
debates and so on, that also influences
No, but Telecinco isn't there.
having no success third option
but anyway Terelu Lance
These taunts when his daughter is
working on these programs Maybe
You should take care of yourself a little, I can't stand it anymore
more to see my mother suffer this
disease not only takes you away
not only to the sick but also to those who are
by your side I wish I were a millionaire for
being able to stay home with my mother but
I have to work if my mother is not going to
Holy Week is obviously not going to happen
Those who criticize that are some
illiterate we do not know where it will lead us
I'm afraid of this process. Of course I am.
afraid to see basically here again
dedicating an article to the mother and
charging Costa to talk about the
mother's illness is true
that do not mention the disease But
Well, it is perfectly understood what
He is trying to tell me what he doesn't tell me
block to see that it is your right to
I think I can say whatever I want, but [ __ ]
then don't go on set complaining about
that you can't talk about not you
They say this so they don't tell you the other thing about
that they don't mention your mother when you
you are putting it there on the table and
about wishing I were a millionaire
Let's see, I have my doubts. I don't know if it is
millionaire or not but I think I think that
I think a lot more than I do, I think.
quite a lot more millionaire than me
something else that wants to keep up
of life that has or lives at a level
that can't stop But hey family
These would be Terelu's statements.
field let me know in the box
comment what do you think today on the networks
They were burning because Sebastian Yatra was
made a mistake and for some reason
I don't know, it hasn't given any yet
type of explanation nor do I think that the one
simply what he has done has been
delete the post quickly But it has
uploaded a photo by accident, I don't know
if it was going to be best friends and
has made it public, I have no idea
okay in your Instagram stories
taking Sebastián yatra or Aitana and
Show on your networks any clues
that they are a couple and both do not want to give
to talk a lot about their relationship
even if it is the talk of the town
magazines a mistake by Sebastian has
made everything come out of your account
Instagram has mistakenly published a
new photo on your account
Instagram apparently the artist
Colombian did not want to spread in his
Instagram account a photograph of the
Aitana's intimacy Well, after a few
seconds of its publication has taken a
drastic decision has erased history
from Instagram But that has not been a
problem for his followers the most
rapids have decided to capture him and
share it on social networks in the photo you can
see Aitana caught off guard in the
inside a clothing store looking
Sebastian dresses are in love and not
hesitate to take pictures of his girlfriend
any way to see the photograph no
There is nothing wrong with it and I sincerely
Well, I don't think it's a surprise either.
that they be seen together or that they be seen
asked together I think that's the matter
It is quite clear that he has doubts
today because he is not the smartest in the
class It seems that they would have wanted
Cancel Bertín Osborne to the point
that they would have wanted or asked for
his dismissal at an event that he had yes that
It is true that there are many angry people
for the way he has addressed himself
and to manage the issue of the new
pregnancy and his new paternity about
all because of this comment that no
It was a wanted baby because in the end yes
you don't look for it you don't find it or you don't
It was a wanted baby, what he said was no.
He was a desired baby, not that they are words
How good it is that tomorrow you can
listen to the baby but it is understood that
When we talk about unwanted we talk about
of course it is not supposed to be
talk about unprovoked but when you
you do things the way you do them a little bit
yes they are provoking it, a
new front to tell us new
paternity statements by
supposed mud scarf because they have not
left the singer in a very good place and
Now the controversy also arises in its
professional life because they have
hired to perform in a town and
Some of its inhabitants call it
sexist image is declining
Bertín Osborne as you already know what I
You know a little about what I'm up to
completely against it is in the Scratch
and in trying to sink a person
by opinions not because in the end or by
opinions by ideologies surely
Not much because in the end it hasn't either
committed a crime okay has committed some
error Surely it has been gone has been
an irresponsible But well I'm going to tell you
try to cancel it and it doesn't have
projects or things like that, well, I
It seems that maybe we are going a little too far.
Well family, the day has arrived and
Antonio David Flores goes live in
the one who commented How was the morning
on Friday when the trial took place
between Rocío Carrasco and her son David
flowers for non-payment of alimony and abandonment
familiar as I told you in the intro
I'm going to tell you the headlines that I
I find them more striking but not
Don't forget to watch the full live stream
because you are going to find out more
information and more details than you
I can also tell Antonio David has
announced that this afternoon is going to be a
second part that we will also be
pending and if you tell something new then it
I will comment on one of the first things that
Antonio David has made flowers in his
direct has been to congratulate Maica Vasco
for the exclusive And that is that maikabako was
the first to mention that sentence and
the content of the same in fact
Antonio David Flores would claim that Maika
Vasco knew details that happened
inside the room and even he himself
I didn't know but they are real Antonio David
and Maika had some difference ago
a few months because Maika also gave
exclusively the content of another
sentence that in that case was the
judgment for unfair dismissal and violation
of the right to honor that he also won
Antonio David What happens is good
there were all the differences in nuances
for me unimportant between what
Maika told and the final result but
Well I'm glad they have
fixed and that on this occasion
Antonio congratulates Maica on the sentence.
content of the judgment has been
leaked the first person who has
spoken about the sentence has been my
fellow YouTuber Mayta Vasco Jamaica
Vasco a few months ago when he ventured
to say that there was a sentence for me
unfair dismissal Which obviously yes
I would have kept quiet because perhaps not
There would have been so much controversy and so much
people calling me Antonio David for real
that maita maita shows you her support
Maika respects you and such And maybe she does
I valued care, eh, I valued it, but for me
It was only fair to say that this
information was not correct because there was
given information that had been told to him
were not the reasons that appeared inside
of the sentence and should have been
perhaps waited for the sentence from there to
Caesar what is Caesar's in his time
I corrected her and now I congratulate her.
I congratulate you on the news and I congratulate you
for the live that has been done or the
video that has made That obviously
I recommend everyone to see it, I have never
I have had no problems with Maica.
had some disagreements with her and
They have been for matters that I have seen that
have harmed my family when
I talk about my family I talk about my family
Having clarified this, there are details
Maika, I would love for you to wear it.
contact me and tell me about them
personally and obviously told me
Who told you because neither
I didn't even know them from the inside.
the room and it caught my attention a lot
a lot of attention because I have had
to ask my lawyer that neither he
He hadn't even mentioned it to me and he has
Having said this that you are telling me
past therefore information was
good because it is directed precisely to the
content of the sentence and I want
Congratulations Mayra, there is also one thing
quite important to highlight
of something that not only exists
told Antonio David In this live
but also other means we will
see below how they have done it
confirmed and also would not have to
what to lie to us Antonio well this This is
So it turns out that they would have noticed how
Rocío Carrasco apart from having asked in
this time the trial was opened
For the press it seems that she was wearing or
was accompanied or had some kind of
contact with a cameraman and a journalist
that they were the only ones who had
informed of this information that the
trial It was that day at that time in that
played and they only stopped to
talk to her I leave the trial
before Rocío Carrasco And when she leaves
Rocío Carrasco with her lawyer stands
in front of that camera and a man appears
I understand that a journalist with a microphone and
asks you questions could Maybe for
readings or it could be for someone else
It kind of caught my attention that there was no
seen neither the images on television nor
in digital media nor the response to
your questions from the journalist
answers given at that time to the
leaving the court curiously to me
They record But at no time does the
journalist with the microphone to make me
no questions, I'll leave it there
significant and see if there is someone who
say that what I am saying
The truth is that it is out of my hands
reason why readings and Rocío
Carrasco would like to take pictures of this
trial and being there inside the room
being able to record something of the theory that I have
had the theory that I think that
It could be knowing a little about How
These people work after these
recent years and seeing a little of what
stick they go to me what occurs to me is that
there is some content or in the
evidence or in the statement of
some of those who testified
testified if I'm not mistaken Antonio
David Rocío I think that children both
David like Rocío I think I think
They testified little, I think they simply
It was something like Look Rocío Flores no
He wanted to testify and the kid withdrew.
the accusation and just wanted to complain
yours and such I don't know if there would be any
question or something like that could
There may also be some documentary evidence
video some document something that for some
reason to Rocío Carrasco would have
interested in the press being there
so that it would have been recorded or
even for it to be published or sounded
more or less what I'm telling you by
the Ortega Cano theme if you remember the
move when Gloria Camila sues
Rocío Carrasco Rocío Carrasco far from
present what they were asking for
presented a manuscript supposedly from
Rocío Jurado What a great time there was at La Movida
what happened with that topic and it was a
manuscript that had nothing to do with
what was being asked of him but as
I already explained to you at the time that it does that.
Rocío Carrasco because Bueno presents it
She can't take him to a program
directly and as she can't
take to a program directly from
This is how the content of the judgment is
if there are journalists at the trial and the
trial is recorded for the press and is
open the press because that is leaked
information, for me, that the shots are going
over there because she wants to leave the son
bad or rather I think she wants to leave
for some clicks that I put yesterday and
Besides, I think she wants to make people look bad.
to the son just as he left the daughter in bad shape
as to justify that she is no longer
mother and others I believe and I have heard him
in some newspaper clips that already
I will tell you about my son, it is also a real pain.
Just like the girl I think she
wants to put the child but in a plan for
bad or rather he wants to leave it bad as
that the child has done something and as if
It is justified that he does not want to be either
her mother to Rocío Carrasco what happens to her
is that she, well, the subject of the
children because she has disassociated herself from
her children She knows glued is not a mother
He doesn't want those children, he said here.
with Hernandez her at the moment that
her new boyfriend has a new life
and prefers courtship and has plenty of it
motherhood So it has gone like
squaring his story so as not to exercise
from mother has been removed as
the whole thing above no But then
There is also the theory of Antonio David
the theory that Antonio David drops
that doesn't say it okay doesn't say it but I
I think I think it's the theory that he
has because it says that once there in the
judged why he wanted the camera if
there in the court when it has been
the children have not been found
got up to give him a kiss or tell him
nothing then what I think he thinks
Antonio David and Cadelissaba there, eh?
Rocío Carrasco would have taken her there
reading buddies for when the
were recording her having done it
there the show was not and they started kissing
I miss your son. Take my
phone I hope we can see each other again
or something like that, okay, I imagine
that the topics will go there as well as others
media such as
In Federico's program they confirm
also that there was press there brought
by Rocío Carrasco they exhibit me and it is
One thing I don't understand, you guys too
You have the explanation is that she the day
from the trial he brought cameras that
They discreetly recorded her outside, I don't know.
What is this due to, one Goku to another?
docuseries What should it be? What is it going to be?
some cameras to her outside the
I read that he was going to do something else
some words Or maybe have them collected
I say I don't know
Pay attention to this part and what it explains
here and tell me how it is
you interpret because it is very strong
listen to the parts to see if you should or not
conduct oral proceedings in a hearing
public in accordance with article 682 of the law
criminal prosecution I understand by
This is what the judge
asks the parties if they want the
trial is held in open court
whether there are people or not And from there on each
one who gives his opinion and then the judge
As always, His Lordship will decide
raises this question of whether he wants
the trial whether public or not and the gentleman
The prosecutor believes that Puerta should be
my lawyer closed that I was not my
lawyer joins the request of the
prosecutor, that is to say Antonio David also
considers that the trial should be
Door closed and now we go to the
third part which is Rocío Carrasco
where you consider it should be public
so that the right to education is not restricted
information Rocío Carrasco considers that
It must be public so that it is not
restrict the right to information is
I could say that it's amazing here
many things many things many
things from pain But why Search
Rocío Carrasco here from that trial be
open door for the entrance
people and the media
maybe because you want to put your son
publicly perhaps because he hopes that
that video of the trial
in court it is published
published by the media
as already happened in one of my trials or in
a statement from me, I who am the father
of that child and I protect him, I warn him and I wait
that the video of the statement at headquarters
judicial is not filtered by any
means of communication for two reasons
because I will be clear about who leaked it
and because I will take the actions that
correspond to defend the
interests of the child then lastly
leave you here also this message that
Antonio launches in his farewell in which
comments that in the last three years he has
made mistakes in his life that
I would like to compensate by interpreting it yourselves
as it comes to your mind and put me the
comment box what do you think
When you hear these words, then
Of course everyone has related that
In the last three years the big change
of his life Well the big change of his
life your life has changed completely
because he has stopped having a family
well structured in all conditions
at home everyone working and so on
the whole mess came the whole explosion came
He left him with Olga Moreno and was with Marta
I risk everything has been chaos I don't know what
maybe it refers to other things but
everyone has interpreted it that way
and I think I could go there family
Thank you all for being there
I want to accompany me in this live show
tell you that I was also wrong
that I'm not perfect
I have made mistakes for the most mistakes
greats of my life In these last three
years
but life is for that, to learn
grow personally from mistakes And if
You have the health to be able to fix them, guys.
thanks for
I am very happy to accompany you in this live show.
grateful and family thanks good
nights and tomorrow I summon you to the second
part of this live Ending of
comment on the sentence of what happened
in a courtroom that has no
type of waste So I'll wait for you
Tomorrow at 9 in the second part of the
I'll tell you straight away, I'll be reading it to you.
comment box maybe I'm
something escapes but it could be If that were
So of course we would have to see it because
I think that was the damage, let's see.
I think that mistake would already be
unrecoverable But hey, you never know
I wanted to recover a part of the
sentence that acquits Antonio David of the
same crime for which she has now been convicted
Rocio Carrasco because I'm watching
lots of people on Twitter talking
nonsense That history is not known and
that is guided by mantras and by
resentment and even ideology and it is
saying over and over again that Antonio
David was already convicted for this that they have
Rocío Carrasco was sentenced and it is not so
I read you dated January 28th
judge investigating the María Begoña case
square galache dictated sentence And
He said that he absolved Antonio David
flowers considering that it does not exist
crime of abandonment of family planned and
punishable under the penal code according to the ruling
judicial the civil court has fulfilled
with the care duties of
material economic character with its
children Having assumed the same
family burdens as well as the mother
since both have custody
shared by his two children This was
precisely one of the aspects that
Antonio David argued in his defense
when 15 days earlier he went to the ward
Madrid's 25th criminal case for the
oral hearing related to the complaint
filed by Rocío Carrasco already
then his lawyer argued that
Antonio David Flores is located in
This situation of complaint for not
settle for seeing their children
alternate weekends and want one
broader custody is required with this
action that pays the mother a pension
from the time that children spend with
She then passed the roll of the
insolvency and all that nonsense that is
accepted by justice. That is to say that
They assume that Antonio David does have
a few moments of insolvency and that
It was perfectly justified not to
will pay at that time and is
being prosecuted is being investigated because
Rocío Carrasco wants to ask for jail time
nothing is going to happen, they are not going to condemn him
Antonia Villa has paid that money in the
moment he has been able to pay it he has gone
depositing nothing will happen leave you
of seeing illusions and fantasies I don't know if
They could fine me, I don't think so either.
and no matter how many times you repeat a lie, it will not
Rosa Benito is going to turn it into a truth
is eager to party and has published in
your Instagram account a photograph
where he is lovingly hugging and
David Flores is giving her a little kiss
When life gives you moments like
How happy I am I love you my life
these moments this photograph that I
I don't know if it is currently from now
Same I don't know if the kid will be in
chipiona and she too I don't know but
This photograph seems to me to be a
small or soft takes out Rocío Carrasco
What do you think? There is a lot of controversy.
with the new film by Lion de
Snow White almost the same as when she was
announced the new Little Mermaid movie
Let's see the actress they have chosen for
Snow White is a Latina girl
feminist named Rachel Segler
Well, the movie has already been leaked.
some images of the recording and
He says that the film doesn't even have
dwarfs that apparently he has, I'm not going to
say that's what it has. Okay but not
They are dwarfs because apparently they have
wanted to be more inclusive and they have put
Well, what do I know? They say they've put in
criminals But well, we are not going to
let's get ahead of ourselves, let's wait for it
some trailer or whatever comes out
moment yes it is true that it is clear
and it is indisputable that the actress they have
caught she is very pretty she will be very good
actress surely but she is not
Snow White It's that the movie of
Snow White as white as snow
Snow White Snow White her red lips
like carmine with a stepmother who
He is jealous of how pretty she is and she
wants to be prettier than Snow White
Well, The Movida is that the actress now
is manifesting and is being
strike joins the actors' strike
because he wants to be paid by the hour
view of the film that is to say that when
the film comes out on the platform
streaming that they continue charging for
for life for the results and the
views that the movie has No
I know what you think about this
I've seen people on Twitter who were
like criticizing this but other people who
I saw logic in it and that it was reasonable as
that they had some kind of right over
the image of the film and every time
they sold the film to a chain of
television a platform every time
put the movie somewhere
I don't know why actors also get paid.
The truth is something I've never seen before
Jesulín de Ubrique María José Campanario
they have uploaded this photograph together
celebrating its 21st anniversary, let them come
at least 21 more years together happily
anniversary love curious thing that this
photograph and this date coincides
precisely with these weeks where
a is being put on the table
possible Although not confirmed at the moment
nothing and Belén Esteban does not stop
deny it marital crisis between
Belén Esteban and Miguel Antonio Montero
He is one of the collaborators of Sálvame
that it didn't take long to return to
appear on Telecinco finding a
new position in life yes it is
It is true that in this program like this in the
In our lives we have seen several pass by
collaborators such as Miguel
early that it seems like they are rotating
I think there are a couple of things that
They are fixed but then it seems that it goes
moving okay I don't know if this will be like this
forever or how will it do it but the
The move that Antonio has announced
Montero as a new contributor to this is how it is
life And well I have already made my debut in
the program let's say in the last one
program we were commenting on a
problem that has arisen we convert
hornet that they wanted to cancel
contracts and performances with all this
that has been formed and they are accusing him of
machismo the truth is that we live in a
world that is getting crazier and crazier and we
We are letting madness take over
Fabiola Martínez and the press were present
He wanted to ask him about the subject but
The truth is that Bertín's ex-partner
Osborne has not wanted to comment almost
We have nothing to say about the Fabiola issue.
ask you about the concert
ask you about the Berlin concert
by the contract
you have to ask the city council
What can you tell us? It has been resumed
contact with Gabriela with her daughters
They have said something Fabiola how she reacts
Bertín's money for his precarious situation
situation was pregnant was alone
Thank you yesterday Isabel Pantoja
He turned 67 in the year he is
celebrating 50 years of career It seems to be
that this birthday apart from the years
previous ones that were also happening
himself has been one of the loneliest of
the singer and that is what she has said in
some news Antonio Rossi apart
that they have done it in a small committee
too small a committee, none of its members
children would have approached there and it is
completely false that they had
called because there was an incident in
the hospital quite decisive about
all the relationship with her children Isa said
that I had spoken to her and so on
I understand that you protect her But it is not like that
her daughter does not speak, she had not spoken with
her when I told her and her mother was
upset about what he said but I understand
to protect his mother because I do too
I would do it the congratulations went to
through Agustín no longer his phone
he has taken it and has it totally
section that even has it turned off
without understanding I had seen nothing there
some media that are echoing
of a rumor that I don't know if it's true but
Well, we'll leave it here just in case.
and it is the possible return to mediaset of
Sofia Swedish Sofia Swedish there are many people
who dislikes him very much but also
She has many people who love her
a lot and wants to see it on television
The truth is that the numbers speak for themselves.
himself and on his Instagram account
we can see that even though she doesn't
is currently making appearances in
Television moves a lot and I think that if
If I returned to Mediaset it could be a
success Why not the question is that
There are people talking about having been
lifted the veto and could even
participate in Big Brother VIP I think
that this is a smoke worth as much as
collaborator or something like that, don't you
I tell you no, anyway that
she actually wasn't that she was
vetoed as such I what if bad not
I remember what happened with Sofia Suescun.
that the network wanted to impose on him that
will work with an advertising agency
that would take all the marks on
exclusive with them and she didn't want to
working with this agency with so much
exclusivity with Mediaset And be a little
more free when doing their
collaborations with brands and others and for
So they gave him a little kick like no
We'll really see what happens and
We'll see if this rumor is true.
we say to have the comment box Yes
Would you like Sofia to succum or not?
If I were on Big Brother it would be like
the third reality show, well, not the third
reality the third time he participates in
the house of Guadalix our beloved
friend is Emmanuel Ruiz has made a
completely devastating article and has
attached a historical review to terelu and
to Carmen Borrego for marketing
what are they doing with the disease
her mother And it is that these two that so much
They have hit their chests and so much
They have cried out to heaven asking for
to people who did not mention their mother
They don't stop, they don't stop making covers
mentioning to the mother the illness of
The mother doesn't understand anything really But
Well that's what my friend Jesus is for.
Manuel who is going to explain it to him
Journalist Jesús Manuel Ruiz has written
one of his usual blocks in the
seismograph is daily and has loaded
harshly against Terelu Campos accuses him
of selling his mother's illness for
money and being a theatrical selling
a victimhood that no one believes
Next I will read you the best ones
zascas but I warn you in advance that the
journalist writes with many points
It's not that I'm hiding parts of the
text or don't know how to read this is what it says
Jesús Manuel, money is money again
the owner is his mother and the state of
decrepitude that is faced by the
damn disease of forgetfulness one
misfortune for those who suffer from it and a
Good luck to whoever sells it, Terelu Campos
It is not the first time that he speaks about the
his mother's illness made him
last days of the program he presented
After years and humiliations, the role of
victim of Terelu is a Goya of resentment and
It's not Lolita Flores Trello gets into it
Poncia's role but Terelu is not
Campos needs to invoice and has done so
talking about his mother's illness and
that of a minor, the son of his nephew
Carmen Borrego's son, also a victim
He has not been able to find out, there must be reasons.
his nephew and his nephew's wife
world does not revolve around it It is not the
sun neither King nor French It is Terelu great
presenter miles from the extinct
Carlota Corredera Terelu Campos has not
not even half said about his third brother
Gustavo Guillermo does not appear in the
interview does not interest you, it does not suit you
It is a clause of the Terelu contract
Campos is very angry with the newspaper
for telling the truth is not the first
This time will not be the last time of his anger. Never.
will reveal the messages of daily
anger of the eldest member of the Campos Clan with
This newspaper never from the verb never a
Once the messages are heard, one remembers
those years where Teresa Campos was
happy with the world, rice cake. Rest
in peace those years good good
incredible incredible sometimes when
news is coming out and when we go
speaking there are no some that go like
eclipsing the week or rather it has nothing
that we see on many occasions what we have
spoken on Sunday to what we are
reviewing Friday no And the truth is
This weekly bombshell is very good.
This section of salsa TV that is
It broadcasts every Friday at 10:30 for
not leaving it without content is a good thing
substitute for this lifeline
weekly bombshell this weekly bombshell is
a good substitute for lifeline
Well, what I said, family, many.
Thank you for getting to this point.
I imagine that if it is still there because you
you like and you liked the content if
Do you want me to keep doing it, tell me in
the comment box and show me
with the likes, with the subscriptions and with
things tomorrow Saturday depending on
what there is most likely the most
probably always valid Friday and Saturday
It's that I'm kind of disconnecting a little
or trying is fine But as a good
professional current events rule and if
suddenly something has to come up so that
that you follow me on my social networks in
Instagram on Twitter that I warn there
Ok, but normally tomorrow is Saturday.
there would be no direct, we would see each other
Sunday that on Sunday we would see each other
Marina, what has been said is valid.
thank you from the bottom of our hearts for your support
thank you from the bottom of our hearts for being
This month's most viewed is worthless
doubt and without good spirit without attitude or
nothing is worth it but I have to thank my
community is worth it because it is incredible
support that you give to the channels as stated
See you tomorrow in new videos
see you and have a good weekend
Enjoy and take advantage of the weekend
There will be more kisses on Sunday, family.
[Music]